Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230571

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.170
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

"Tempus Holdings 49 S.à r.l."

Société à responsabilité limitée

15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen
L-2411Luxemb0urg

CONSTITUTION D'UNE SOCIETE
A RESPONSABILITE LIMITEE N° 3516/2018

du 7 DECEMBRE 2018

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventh of December.
Before Me Henri Hellinckx, notary public residing at Luxembourg, Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg, undersigned.
Appears:
“H.I.G. Europe - Sky, Ltd.” a Cayman Islands limited liability company
having its registered ofﬁce at RC. Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street,
George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.

The founder is here represented by Régis Galiotto, notary’s clerk,
professionally residing in Luxembourg,

by virtue of a proxy given under private seal.

The beforesaid proxy, being initialled "ne varietur" by the appearing person
and the undersigned notary, shall remain annexed to the present deed to be ﬁled at the

same time with the registration authorities.

Such party has requested the notary to draw up the following by-laws of a

"société à responsabilité limitée" which it declares to incorporate.


NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name — Legal form

There exists a private limited company (société à responsabilité limitée) under
the name Tempus Holdings 49 S.à r.l. (hereinafter the “Company”) which shall be
governed by the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the
“Law”), as well as by the present articles of association.

Article 2 Purpose

2.1 The purpose of the Company is the holding of participations in any form
whatsoever in Luxembourg and foreign companies and in any other form of
investment, the acquisition by purchase, subscription or in any other manner as well
as the transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise of securities of any kind and the
administration, management, control and development of its portfolio.

2.2 The Company may grant loans to, as well as guarantees or security for
the beneﬁt of third parties to secure obligations of, companies in which it holds a direct
or indirect participation or right of any kind or which form part of the same group of
companies as the Company, or otherwise assist such companies.

2.3 The Company may raise funds through borrowing in any form or by
issuing any kind of notes, securities or debt instruments, bonds and debentures and
generally issue securities of any type. The Company may not publicly issue shares.

Article 3 Duration

3.1 The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period of time.

3.2 It may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the general meeting of
shareholders adopted by half of the shareholders representing three quarters of the
share capital at least.

Article 4 Registered ofﬁce

4.1 The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established in the City of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4.2 The board of managers may transfer the registered ofﬁce of the Company
within the same municipality or to any other municipality in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg and, if necessary, subsequently amend these articles of association to
reﬂect such change of registered ofﬁce. In the case of a sole shareholder, the transfer
of the registered ofﬁce of the Company within the same municipality or to any other
municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg requires a decision of the sole

shareholder.


4.3 Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of managers.

4.4 In the event that the board of managers determines that extraordinary
political, economic or social circumstances or natural disasters have occurred or are
imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered ofﬁce, the registered ofﬁce may be temporarily transferred abroad until the
complete cessation of these extraordinary circumstances; such temporary measures
shall not affect the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary
transfer of its registered ofﬁce, shall remain a Luxembourg company.

SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES

Article 5 Share capital

5.1 The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euro (EUR
12,000), represented by (i) one thousand two hundred (1,200) class A shares (the
“Class A Shares”), (ii) one thousand two hundred (l,200) class B shares (the “Class B
Shares”), (iii) one thousand two hundred (l,200) class C shares (the “Class C Shares”),
(iv) one thousand two hundred (l,200) class D shares (the “Class D Shares”), (V) one
thousand two hundred (l,200) class E shares (the “Class E Shares”), (vi) one thousand
two hundred (l,200) class F shares (the “Class F Shares”), (vii) one thousand two
hundred (l ,200) class G shares (the “Class G Shares”), (viii) one thousand two hundred
(l,200) class H shares (the “Class H Shares”), (ix) one thousand two hundred (l,200)
class I shares (the “Class I Shares”), and (x) one thousand two hundred (l,200) class J
shares (the “Class J Shares”, and together with the Class A Shares, Class B Shares,
Class C Shares, Class D Shares, Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares, Class
H Shares and Class I Shares the “Shares” and each a “Class”), with a nominal value
of one euro (EUR 1) each.

5.2 The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for
an amendment of these articles of association.

5.3 The Company may repurchase its own shares subject to the relevant
provisions of the Law and these articles of association, and in particular in accordance
with articles 6.2 ff.

5.4 The board of managers is authorised to cancel shares held in treasury and

to proceed with the corresponding share capital reduction.


Article 6 Shares — Transfer of shares

6.1 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a maximum
of one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the number of shareholders of the
Company exceeds one hundred (100) for any reason, the Company shall have a period
of one (1) year from the date on which such limit was exceeded to convert into a
company of another legal form.

Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any
other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall not cause the dissolution of
the Company.

6.2 The share capital of the Company may in particular be reduced through
the repurchase and cancellation of a Class in whole, but not in part, as may be
determined from time to time by the board of managers with the consent of the general
meeting of shareholders.

6.3 The Classes shall be repurchased in reverse alphabetical order, starting
with the Class J Shares.

6.4 Subsequent Classes shall only become available for repurchase once all
the Shares of the preceding Class have been repurchased in full. Each Class becoming
available for repurchase according to the rule speciﬁed in this Article 6 shall be
referred to as the “Relevant Class of Shares”.

6.5 The Relevant Class of Shares shall be repurchased and cancelled for an
aggregate price equal to the value of such Class as determined pursuant to article 6.8
below (the “Total Cancellation Amount”).

6.6 In the event of a reduction of share capital through the repurchase and
the cancellation of a Class (in the order provided for in article 6.3), such Class gives
right to the holders thereof pro rata to their holding in such Class to the Available
Amount (as deﬁned below) and the holders of Shares of the repurchased and cancelled
Class shall receive from the Company an amount equal to the Cancellation Value Per
Share (as deﬁned below) for each Share of the Relevant Class of Shares held by them
and cancelled.

6.7 The Cancellation Value Per Share shall be calculated by dividing the
Total Cancellation Amount (as deﬁned below) by the number of shares in issue in the
Relevant Class of Shares.

6.8 The Total Cancellation Amount shall be an amount determined by the

board of managers on the basis of the relevant interim accounts of the Company as of
4


a date no earlier than the last date of the quarter preceding the date of the repurchase
and cancellation of the Relevant Class of Shares. The Total Cancellation Amount for
each Class shall be the Available Amount (increased by the nominal value per share
to be cancelled) of the Relevant Class of Shares at the time of the cancellation of the
Relevant Class of Shares, provided however that the Total Cancellation Amount shall
never be higher than such Available Amount (increased by the nominal value per share
to be cancelled).

6.9 The board of managers can choose to include or exclude in its
determination of the Total Cancellation Amount all or part of the freely distributable
share premium, assimilated premium or any other freely distributable reserve.

6.10 The “Available Amount” shall be calculated as:

(i) the total amount of net proﬁts of the Company (including carried forward
proﬁts) to the extent the holders of shares of the Relevant Class of Shares would have
been entitled to distributions according to Article 20 and/or 21.1 of these articles of
association for these shares,

increased by

(ii) any freely distributable reserves including, as may be determined in
accordance with Article 6.9 of these articles of association, the amount of the share
premium or assimilated premium and legal reserve reduction relating to the Relevant
Class of Shares to be cancelled,

reduced by

(iii) any losses (included carried forward losses);

(iv) any sums to be placed into non-distributable reserves, each time as to be
set out in the relevant interim accounts; and

(v) any accrued and unpaid dividends to the extent those have not already
reduced the NP (without for the avoidance of doubt, any double counting)

so that: AA = (NP + P) — (L + LR + LD) whereby:

AA= Available Amount;

NP= net proﬁts (including carried forward proﬁts);

P= any freely distributable reserves including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
share premium and assimilated premium and, as the case may be, the amount of the
share premium reduction and legal reserve reduction relating to the Relevant Class of
Shares to be cancelled;

L= losses (including carried forward losses);
5


LR = any sums to be placed into non-distributable reserve(s) pursuant to the
requirements of law or of these articles of association;

LD = any accrued and unpaid dividends of Whichever Class to the extent those
have not already reduced the NP.

6.11 Upon the repurchase and cancellation of the Relevant Class of Shares,
the Cancellation Value Per Share will become due and payable by the Company,
except the board of managers decides to temporarily suspended such payment in part
or whole to ensure the liquidity of the Company to pay its debts as they fall due.

6.12 A register of shares shall be kept at the registered ofﬁce of the Company,
where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder. This register shall contain
all the information required by the Law. Certiﬁcates evidencing registrations made in
the register with respect to a shareholder may be issued upon request and at the expense
of such shareholder.

6.13 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a share
is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who shall
represent them towards the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the
exercise of all rights attached to that share, except for relevant information rights, until
such representative has been appointed.

6.14 The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

6.15 Inter vivos, the shares may only be transferred to third party transferees
subject to the prior approval of such transfer given by shareholders holding at least
three quarters of all the shares in issue.

6.16 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party
transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to the Company with all
relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the transferee, the
conditions applicable to the transfer (if any) and the transfer price.

6.17 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of the
Company in accordance with article 6.15, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of the refusal, acquire the shares on an equal treatment basis
(unless otherwise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the share(s), at a
price determined in accordance with article 6.19 except if the transferring shareholder
decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the board of managers, the three-month-

period can be extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of


Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings,
it being understood that such extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

6.18 To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire the
shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with the consent of the
transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an amount
corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the relevant shares and (ii) repurchase
and cancel such shares at a price determined in accordance with article 6.19..

6.19 For the purposes of articles 6.17 and 6.18, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as determined
in good faith by the board of managers.

6.20 If, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the existing
shareholders nor the Company have acquired or repurchased the shares, the
transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the proposed new shareholder(s)
at the transfer price and conditions that were notiﬁed to the Company.

6.21 Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the Company and
third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon the acceptance of the
transfer by the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the Civil Code.

6.22 In the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may only be
transferred to new shareholders subject to the approval of such transfer given by the
remaining shareholders holding at least three quarters of the shares owned by the
remaining shareholders. Such approval is, however, not required in case the shares are
transferred either to parents, descendants or the surviving spouse.

DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 7 Collective decisions of the shareholders

7.1 The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers expressly
reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of association.

7.2 Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions irrespective of
the number of shares which he owns.

7.3 In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty (60)
shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means of written
resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to these articles of association. To
this effect, each shareholder shall receive the full text of the resolutions to be adopted

and shall cast his vote in writing.


7.4 In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall exercise the
powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under the provisions of Title VII
of the Law and by these articles of association. In such case, any reference made herein
to the “general meeting of shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the sole
shareholder, depending on the context and as applicable, and powers conferred upon
the general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the sole shareholder.

Article 8 General meetings of shareholders

8.1 In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least one
general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6) months of the end of each
ﬁnancial year in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at the registered ofﬁce of the
Company or at such other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be
speciﬁed in the convening notice of such meeting. Other meetings of shareholders may
be held at such place and time as may be speciﬁed in the respective convening notices
of meeting.

8.2 If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting
of shareholders and have waived any convening requirements, the meeting may be
held without prior notice.

8.3 Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through video
conference or by any other means of communication allowing for their identiﬁcation,
allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear one another on a continuous
basis, and allowing for an effective participation of all such persons in the meeting,
are deemed to be present for the computation of the quorums and votes, subject to such
means of communication being made available at the place of the meeting. In such
case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxyholder shall be physically present at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company.

8.4 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed voting
form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of communication to
the Company’s registered ofﬁce or to the address speciﬁed in the convening notice.
The shareholders may only use voting forms provided by the Company which contain
at least the place, date and time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals
submitted to the shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the
shareholder to vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by ticking the

appropriate box.


8.5 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote in
favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention are void with
respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into account voting forms
received prior to the general meeting to which they relate.

8.6 The board of managers may determine further conditions that must be
fulﬁlled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting of
shareholders.

8.7 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of shareholders.

Article 9 Quorum, majority and vote

9.1 Each share entitles to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

9.2 Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of association or the
Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only validly taken in so far as they
are adopted by shareholders holding more than half of the share capital. If this majority
is not reached at a ﬁrst meeting or proposed written resolution, the shareholders shall
be convened or consulted a second time by registered letter with the same agenda and
decisions are adopted in so far as they are adopted by a majority of the votes validly
cast, irrespective of the portion of the share capital represented.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Article 10 Amendments of the articles of association

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

Article 11 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a resolution
of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for an
amendment of these articles of association.

MANAGEMENT

Article 12 Composition and powers of the board of managers

12.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers. If the
Company has several managers, the managers form a board of managers.

12.2 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, to the extent applicable
and where the term “sole manager” is not expressly mentioned in these articles of
association, a reference to the “board of managers” used in these articles of association

is to be construed as a reference to the “sole manager”.


12.3 The board of managers is vested with the broadest powers to act in the
name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful to fulﬁl the
Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers reserved by the Law
or by these articles of association to the general meeting of shareholders.

Article 13 Appointment, removal and term of ofﬁce of managers

13.1 The manager(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders which shall determine their remuneration and term of ofﬁce. The general
meeting of shareholders may decide to appoint managers of different classes, namely
class A managers (the “Class A Managers”) and class B managers (the “Class B
Managers”). Any reference made hereinafter to the “managers” shall be construed as
a reference to the Class A Managers and/or the Class B Managers, depending on the
context and as applicable.

13.2 The managers shall be appointed and may be removed from ofﬁce at any
time, with or without cause, by a collective decision of the shareholders.

Article 14 Convening meetings of the board of managers

14.1 The board of managers shall meet upon call by any manager. The
meetings of the board of managers shall be held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company
unless otherwise indicated in the notice of meeting.

14.2 Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be given to
managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the time scheduled for the
meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature and the reasons of such
emergency must be mentioned in the notice. Such notice may be omitted in case of
consent of each manager in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or any other similar
means of communication, a copy of such signed document being sufﬁcient proof
thereof. No prior notice shall be required for a board meeting to be held at a time and
location determined in a prior resolution adopted by the board of managers which has
been communicated to all managers.

14.3 No prior notice shall be required in case all managers are present or
represented at a board meeting and waive any convening requirement or in the case of
resolutions in writing approved and signed by all members of the board of managers.

Article 15 Conduct of meetings of the board of managers

15.1 The board of managers may elect a chairman from among its members.
It may also choose a secretary, who does not need to be a manager and who shall be

responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the board of managers.
1 0


15.2 The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of the board of managers
but, in his absence, the board of managers may appoint another manager as chairman
pro tempore by vote of the majority of managers present or represented at any such
meeting.

15.3 Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing another manager as his proxy in writing, or by facsimile, electronic mail or
any other similar means of communication, a copy of the appointment being sufﬁcient
proof thereof. A manager may represent one or more but not all of the other managers.

15.4 Meetings of the board of managers may also be held by conference-call
or video conference or by any other means of communication, allowing all persons
participating at such meeting to hear one another on a continuous basis and allowing
an effective participation in the meeting. Participation in a meeting by these means is
equivalent to participation in person at such meeting.

15.5 The board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at least a
majority of the managers are present or represented at a meeting of the board of
managers. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has appointed different
classes of managers, the board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at
least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager is present or represented
at the meeting.

15.6 Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the managers present or
represented at such meeting. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has
appointed different classes of managers, decisions shall be taken by a majority of the
managers present or represented including at least one (1) Class A Manager and one
(1) Class B Manager. The chairman, if any, shall not have a casting vote.

15.7 The board of managers may unanimously pass resolutions by circular
means when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or any
other similar means of communication. Each manager may express his consent
separately, the entirety of the consents evidencing the adoption of the resolutions. The
date of such resolutions shall be the date of the last signature.

Article 16 Minutes of the meeting of the board of managers; Minutes of
the decisions of the sole manager

16.1 The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be signed (i)
by the chairman, if any, or in his absence by the chairman pro tempore, and the

secretary (if any), or (ii) by any two (2) managers or by one (1) Class A Manager and
1 1


one (1) Class B Manager, if applicable. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may
be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the chairman, if
any, or by two (2) managers or by one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B
Manager, if applicable.

16.2 Decisions of the sole manager shall be recorded in minutes which shall
be signed by the sole manager. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may be
produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the sole manager.

Article 17 Dealing with third parties

17.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all circumstances
(i) by the signature of the sole manager, or, if the Company has several managers, by
the joint signature of any two (2) managers, or by the joint signature of one (1) Class
A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager, if applicable, or (ii) by the joint signature or
the sole signature of any persons to whom such signatory power may have been
delegated by the board of managers within the limits of such delegation.

AUDIT AND SUPERVISION

Article 18 Auditor(s)

18.1 In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, the transactions of the Company shall be supervised by one or several
statutory auditors (commissaires). The general meeting of shareholders shall appoint
the statutory auditor(s) and shall determine their term of ofﬁce.

18.2 A statutory auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and with
or without cause by the general meeting of shareholders.

18.3 The statutory auditor has an unlimited right of permanent supervision
and control of all transactions of the Company.

18.4 If the shareholders of the Company appoint one or more independent
auditors (réviseurs d ’entreprises agréés) in accordance with article 69 of the law of 19
December 2002 regarding the Trade and Companies’ Register and the accounting and
annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, the institution of statutory auditor(s) is
no longer required.

18.5 An independent auditor may only be removed by the general meeting of

shareholders for cause or with his approval.

12


FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS — INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 19 Financial year

The ﬁnancial year of the Company shall begin on the ﬁrst of January of each
year and shall end on the thirty-ﬁrst of December of the same year.

Article 20 Annual accounts and allocation of proﬁts

20.1 At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the board
of managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets and liabilities, the balance
sheet and the proﬁt and loss accounts in accordance with the law.

20.2 Of the annual net proﬁts of the Company, ﬁve per cent (5%) at least shall
be allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to be mandatory as soon
and as long as the aggregate amount of such reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of
the share capital of the Company.

20.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company may also be allocated to
the legal reserve.

20.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve may be
reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten per cent (10%) of the share capital.

20.5 Upon recommendation of the board of managers, the general meeting of
shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the Company’s proﬁts shall be used
in accordance with the Law and these articles of association.

20.6 In the event of a distribution, amounts distributed shall be allocated as
follows:

(i) Class A Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point nine per cent (1.90%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class A Shares issued by the Company;

(ii) Class B Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point eight per cent (1.80%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class B Shares issued by the Company;

(iii) Class C Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point seven per cent (1.70%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class C Shares issued by the Company;

(iv) Class D Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point six per cent (1.60%) per year of the

nominal value of the Class D Shares issued by the Company;
1 3


(V) Class E Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point ﬁve per cent (1.50%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class E Shares issued by the Company;

(vi) Class F Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point four per cent (1.40%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class F Shares issued by the Company;

(vii) Class G Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point three per cent (1.30%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class G Shares issued by the Company;

(viii) Class H Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point two per cent (1.20%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class H Shares issued by the Company;

(ix) Class I Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one point one per cent (1.10%) per year of the
nominal value of the Class I Shares issued by the Company;

(X) Class J Shares entitle their holders, pro rata, to the payment of a
preferential dividend representing one per cent (1.00%) per year of the nominal value
of the Class J Shares issued by the Company;

all as long as they are in existence, and

(xi) the remainder shall be distributed to the Relevant Class of Shares.

Article 21 Interim dividends - Share premium and assimilated
premiums

21.1 The board of managers may proceed with the payment of interim
dividends subject to the provisions of the Law.

21.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable reserve
may be freely distributed to the shareholders, subject to the provisions of the Law and
these articles of association.

LIQUIDATION

Article 22 Liquidation

22.1 In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with article 3.2
of these articles of association, the liquidation shall be carried out by one or several
liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders deciding on such

dissolution and which shall determine their powers and their remuneration. Unless

14


otherwise provided, the liquidators shall have the most extensive powers for the
realisation of the assets and payment of the liabilities of the Company.

22.2 The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment
of the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares of the Company held by them.

FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW

Article 23 Governing law

All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined in
accordance with the Law.

TRAN SITORY MEASURES

Exceptionally the ﬁrst ﬁnancial year shall begin today and end on
December 31, 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION — PAYMENT

All the twelve thousand (12,000) shares representing the capital have been
entirely subscribed by H.I.G. Europe — Sky, Ltd., prenamed, and fully paid up in
cash, therefore the amount of twelve thousand euros (EUR 12,000) is as now at the
disposal of the Company, proof of which has been duly given to the notary.

ESTIMATE OF COSTS

The costs, expenses, fees and charges, in whatsoever form, which are to be
borne by the Company or which shall be charged to it in connection with its
incorporation, have been estimated at about one thousand ﬁve hundred Euros (1 ,500.-
EUR).

GENERAL MEETING

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, the above-named person,
representing the entirety of the subscribed capital and exercising the powers devolved
to the meeting, passed the following resolutions:

1) Is appointed as A manager for an undetermined duration:

Mr Brendan Dolan, born on April 3, 1973 in Tyrone, with professional address
at 10 Grosvenor Street, 2nd Floor, London W1K 4QB, United Kingdom.

2) Is appointed as A manager for an undetermined duration:

Mrs Daphné Chanteloup, born on January 25, 1973 in Caen, with professional
address at 2, rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282 Luxembourg.

3) Is appointed as B manager for an undetermined duration:

15


Mr Philippe Leclercq, born on May 18, 1968, in Liège, with professional
address at 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg.

4) Is appointed as B manager for an undetermined duration:

Mr Valery Beuken, born on June 14, 1977, in Verviers, with professional
address at 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg.

5) The Company shall have its registered office at 15 , Boulevard F.W.
Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, hereby states that
on request of the above appearing person, the present incorporation deed is worded in
English, followed by a French version; on request of the same person and in case of
discrepancies between the English and the French text, the English version will prevail.

In faith of which we, the undersigned notary have set hand and seal in
Luxembourg.

On the day named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxy holder, said person signed with

us, the Notary, the present original deed.

TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le sept décembre.

Pardevant Me Henri Hellinckx, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché of Luxembourg, soussigné.

Comparaît:

H.I.G. Europe — Sky, Ltd., une société à responsabilité limitée, ayant son
siège social au PO. Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town,
Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.

Fondateur ici représenté par Régis Galiotto, clerc de notaire, demeurant
professionnellement à Luxembourg,

en vertu d'une procuration sous seing privé lui délivrée.

Ladite procuration, paraphée "ne varietur" par le comparant et le notaire
instrumentant, restera annexée au présent acte pour être formalisée avec lui.

Lequel a requis le notaire instrumentant de dresser acte constitutif d'une société
à responsabilité limitée qu'il déclare constituer et dont il a arrêté les statuts comme

suit:

16


DENOMINATION — OBJET SOCIAL - DURÉE - SIÈGE SOCIAL

Article 1 Dénomination - Forme

Il existe une société à responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination << Tempus
Holdings 49 S.à r.l. >> (ci-après la << Société >>) qui sera régie par la lOi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (la << Loi >>), ainsi que par les
présents statuts.

Article 2 Objet

2.1 La Société a pour obj et social la détention de participations, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et étrangères et de toute autre
forme de placement, l’acquisition par achat, souscription ou de toute autre manière, de
même que le transfert par vente, échange ou toute autre manière de valeurs mobilières
de tout type, ainsi que l’administration, la gestion, le contrôle et la mise en valeur de
son portefeuille de participations.

2.2 La Société peut également accorder des prêts, ainsi que des garanties,
des sûretés, au proﬁt de tiers aﬁn de garantir l’exécution d’obligations des sociétés
dans lesquelles elle détient une participation directe ou indirecte ou un droit de quelque
nature que ce soit ou qui font partie du même groupe de sociétés que la Société, ou
assister ces sociétés de toute autre manière.

2.3 La Société peut lever des fonds en faisant des emprunts sous toute forme
ou en émettant toute sorte d’obligations, de titres ou d’instruments de dettes,
d’obligations garanties ou non garanties, et d’une manière générale en émettant des
valeurs mobilières de tout type. Cependant, la Société ne pourra pas procéder à une
émission publique de parts sociales.

Article 3 Durée

3.1 La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

3.2 Elle peut être dissoute à tout moment par une décision de l’assemblée
générale des associés adoptée avec l’assentiment de la moitié des associés possédant
les trois quarts de l’avoir social au moins.

Article 4 Siège social

4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4.2 Le conseil de gérance peut transférer le siège social de la Société au sein
de la même commune ou dans toute autre commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

et modiﬁer, si nécessaire, ces statuts aﬁn de reﬂéter le changement de siège social. En
1 7


cas d’associé unique, le transfert de siège social au sein de la même commune ou dans
toute autre commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg requiert une décision de
l’associé unique.

4.3 Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du conseil de gérance.

4.4 Dans l’hypothèse où le conseil de gérance estimerait que des événements
exceptionnels d'ordre politique, économique ou social ou des catastrophes naturelles
se sont produits ou seraient imminents, de nature à interférer avec l'activité normale de
la Société à son siège social, il pourra transférer provisoirement le siège social à
l'étranger jusqu'à la cessation complète de ces circonstances exceptionnelles ; ces
mesures provisoires n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société,
laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1 Le capital social de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille euros (EUR 12,000),
représenté par (i) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de catégorie A (les << Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A >>), (ii) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de catégorie B
(les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie B >>), (iii) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de
catégorie C (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie C >>), (iv) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts
sociales de catégorie D (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie D >>), (v) mille deux-cents
(1,200) parts sociales de catégorie E (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie E >>), (vi) mille
deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de catégorie F (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie F >>),
(vii) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de catégorie G (les << Parts Sociales de
Catégorie G >>), (viii) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de catégorie H (les
<< Parts Sociales de Catégorie H >>), (ix) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts sociales de
catégorie I (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie I >>) et (x) mille deux-cents (1,200) parts
sociales de catégorie J (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie J >> et ensemble avec les Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A, les Parts Sociales de Catégorie B, les Parts Sociales de
Catégorie C, les Parts Sociales de Catégorie D, les Parts Sociales de Catégorie E, les
Parts Sociales de Catégorie F, les Parts Sociales de Catégorie G, les Parts Sociales de
Catégorie H et les Parts Sociales de Catégorie I les << Parts Sociales >> et chacune une

<< Catégorie >>), ayant une valeur nominale d’un euro (EUR 1) chacune.

18


5.2 Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société, adoptée selon les
conditions requises pour la modiﬁcation des présents statuts.

5.3 La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales aux conditions légales
et statutaires applicables et notamment en conformité avec les articles 6.2ff de ces
statuts.

5.4 Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler des parts sociales rachetées
par la Société et à décider d’une réduction de capital social afférente.

Article 6 Parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

6.1 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés sans excéder la limite de
cent (1 OO) associés. Au cas où le nombre des associés vient à dépasser la limite de cent
(100) pour quelque raison que ce soit, la Société devra dans un délai d’un (1) an à
compter du dépassement de la limite, être transformée en une société revétant une autre
forme sociale.

Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la liquidation, la faillite
ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire d’un des associés n’entraînera pas
la dissolution de la Société.

6.2 Le capital social de la Société pourra notamment être réduit par le rachat
et l’annulation d’une Catégorie, en totalité mais non en partie, tel que déterminé par le
conseil de gérance au ﬁl de temps avec l’approbation de l’assemblée générale des
associés.

6.3 Les Classes devront être rachetées dans l’ordre alphabétique inverse, en
commençant par les Parts Sociales de Catégorie J.

6.4 Les Catégories suivantes ne pourront être rachetées qu’une fois que
toutes les Parts Sociales de la Catégorie précédente auront été intégralement rachetées.
Chaque Catégorie pouvant étre rachetée selon les règles prévues au présent article 7,
sera ci-après désignée comme suit << Catégorie de Parts Sociales Concernée >>.

6.5 La Catégorie de Parts Sociales Concernée devra être rachetée et annulée
pour un prix total correspondant à la valeur d’une telle Catégorie, telle que déterminée
conformément à l’article 6.8 ci-dessous (le << Montant Total de l’Annulation >>).

6.6 Dans le cas où le capital social serait réduit par le rachat et l’annulation
d’une Catégorie (dans l’ordre prévu à l’article 6.3), cette Catégorie donnera droit à ces
détenteurs, au prorata de leur participation dans cette Catégorie, au Montant

Disponible (tel que déﬁni ci-dessous) et les détenteurs de Parts Sociales de la Catégorie
1 9


rachetée et annulée recevront de la Société un montant égal à la Valeur d’Annulation
par Part Sociale (telle que déﬁnie ci-dessous) pour chaque Part Sociale de la Catégorie
de Parts Sociales Concernée qu’ils détiennent et qui a été annulée.

6.7 La Valeur d’Annulation par Part Sociale sera calculée en divisant le
Montant Total de l’Annulation (tel que déﬁni ci-dessous) par le nombre de parts
sociales émises dans la Catégorie de Parts Sociales Concernées devant être rachetée et
annulée.

6.8 Le Montant Total de l’Annulation doit être un montant déterminé par le
conseil de gérance sur la base de comptes intérimaires de la Société arrêtés à une date
ne devant pas être antérieure au dernier jour du trimestre précédent la date de rachat et
d’annulation de la Catégorie de Parts Sociales Concernée. Le Montant Total de
l’Annulation pour chaque Catégorie correspondra au Montant Disponible (augmenté
de la valeur nominale de chaque part sociale à annuler) de la Catégorie de Parts
Sociales Concernée au moment de l’annulation de ladite Catégorie, étant entendu
toutefois que le Montant Total de l’Annulation ne doit jamais être plus élevé que le
Montant Disponible (augmenté de la valeur nominale de chaque part sociale à
annuler).

6.9 Le conseil de gérance peut décider, lors de la détermination du Montant
Total de l’Annulation, d’inclure ou d’exclure l’intégralité ou une partie des primes
d’émission, primes assimilées ou toute autre réserve librement distribuable.

6.10 Le << Montant Disponible >> est calculé comme suit :

(i) le montant total du bénéﬁce net de la Société (y compris le bénéﬁce reporté),
dans la mesure où les détenteurs de parts sociales de la Catégorie de Parts Sociales
Concernée auraient eu droit aux distributions conformément à l’Article 20 et/ou à
l’Article 21 des présents statuts

augmenté de

(ii) toute réserve librement distribuable, y compris, à déterminer dans les
conditions prévues par les présents statuts, le montant des primes d’émission ou primes
assimilées et de la réduction de la réserve légale relatives à la Catégorie de Parts
Sociales Concernée à annuler,

diminué de

(iii) toute perte (y compris les pertes reportées) ;

(iv) toute somme à porter en réserves non-distribuables, chaque fois tel

qu’indiqué dans les comptes intérimaires concernés ; et
20


(V) tous dividendes accumulés et impayés dans la mesure où ils ne sont déjà
pas venus réduire le BN (pour éviter toute ambiguïté, sans double comptage),

de sorte que: MD = (BN + B) - (P + RL + DL) où :

MD = Montant Disponible ;

BN = bénéﬁce net (y compris le bénéﬁce reporté) ;

B = toute réserve librement distribuable, y compris, pour éviter toute
ambiguïté, toute prime d’émission et prime assimilée et, le cas échéant, le montant de
la réduction de la prime d’émission et de la réduction de réserve légale relatives à la
Catégorie à annuler ;

P = toute perte (y compris les pertes reportées) ;

RL = toute somme à porter en réserve(s) non-distribuable(s) conformément aux
dispositions de la loi ou des présents statuts ;

DL = tous dividendes accumulés et impayés, peu importe la Catégorie, dans la
mesure où ils ne sont pas déjà venus réduire le BN.

6.11 Une fois que les parts sociales de la Catégorie de Parts Sociales
Concernée auront été rachetées et annulées, la Valeur d’Annulation par part sociale
sera exigible et payable par la Société, sauf en cas d’une décision du conseil de gérance
de temporairement suspendre partiellement ou en totalité ce paiement pour assurer à
la Société la liquidité nécessaire au paiement de ses dettes devenant exigibles.

6.12 Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social de la Société où il
est mis à disposition de chaque associé pour consultation. Ce registre contient toutes
les informations requises par la Loi. Des certiﬁcats attestant des inscriptions faites dans
le registre concernant un associé peuvent être émis sur demande et aux frais de cet
associé.

6.13 La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale. Les
copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les représentera vis-à-
vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits relatifs
à cette part sociale, à l’exception du droit à l’information, jusqu'à ce qu'un tel
représentant ait été désigné.

6.14 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.15 Inter vivos, les parts sociales seront uniquement cessibles à des tiers sous
réserve qu’une telle cession ait été approuvée préalablement par des associés

représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales.

21


6.16 Lorsqu’un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales à un
tiers, l’associé cédant doit envoyer une notification àla Société contenant les éléments
de la cession envisagée, y compris l’identité du cessionnaire, les conditions applicables
àla cession (le cas échéant) et le prix de cession.

6.17 Si la cession envisagée n’est pas approuvée par les associés de la Société
conformément à l’article 6.15 les associés peuvent, dans un délai de trois (3) mois à
compter de la date du refus, acquérir les parts sociales en respectant le principe de
l’égalité de traitement (sauf s’ils en ont convenu autrement) ou faire acquérir les parts
sociales à un prix déterminé conformément à l’article 6.19, sauf si l’associé cédant
décide de renoncer au transfert. Sur requête du conseil de gérance, la période de trois
(3) mois peut être prolongée par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé, sans
que cette prolongation ne puisse excéder six (6) mois.

6.18 Dans la mesure où les associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les parts
sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le consentement de l’associé
cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social du montant correspondant à la valeur
nominale des parts de l’associé cédant et (ii) racheter et annuler ces parts à un prix
déterminé conformément à l’article 6.19.

6.19 Aux ﬁns des articles 6.17 et 6.18, le prix de transfert ou le prix de rachat
correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales déterminée de bonne foi
par le conseil de gérance.

6.20 Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, ni les associés existants, ni la Société
n’ont acquis ou racheté les parts sociales, l’associé cédant peut librement céder ses
parts sociales au(x) nouvel (nouveaux) associé(s) proposé(s) au prix de cession et aux
conditions notiﬁées àla Société.

6.21 Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable àla Société et aux tiers sur
notiﬁcation de la cession à, ou après l’acceptation de la cession par la Société
conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du Code civil.

6.22 En cas de décès, les parts sociales de l’associé décédé pourront être
uniquement transférées au nouvel associé sous réserve qu’un tel transfert ait été
approuvé par les associés survivants représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts
sociales appartenant aux survivants. Un tel agrément n’est cependant pas requis dans
l’hypothèse où les parts sociales sont transférées soit aux ascendants, descendants ou

au conjoint survivant.
22


DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 7 Decisions collectives des associés

7.1 L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui sont
expressément réservés par la Loi et par les présents statuts.

7.2 Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions collectives
quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.

7.3 Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société n’a pas plus de soixante (60)
associés, des décisions collectives qui relèveraient d’ordinaire de la compétence de
l’assemblée générale, pourront être valablement adoptées par voie de décisions écrites,
à l’exception des propositions de modiﬁcation des statuts. Dans ce cas, chaque associé
recevra le texte intégral de ces résolutions à adopter et votera par écrit.

7.4 En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs dévolus à
l’assemblée générale des associés en vertu des dispositions du Titre VII de la Loi et
des présents statuts. Dans cette hypothèse, toute référence faite à << l’assemblée
générale des associés >> devra être entendue comme une référence à l’associé unique
selon le contexte et le cas échéant et les pouvoirs conférés à l’assemblée générale des
associés seront exercés par l’associé unique.

Article 8 Assemblées générales des associés

8.1 Dans l’hypothèse où la Société comporte plus de soixante (60) associés,
une assemblée générale des associés devra être tenue au minimum dans les six (6) mois
suivant la ﬁn de chaque exercice social au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg au siège
social de la Société ou à tout autre endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg tel que
précisé dans la convocation à cette assemblée générale. D’autres assemblées générales
d’associés pourront être tenues aux lieux et heures indiquées dans les convocations
aux assemblées générales correspondantes.

8.2 Lorsque tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à l’assemblée
générale des associés et ont renoncé aux formalités de convocation, l’assemblée pourra
être tenue sans convocation ou publication préalable.

8.3 Les associés participant à une assemblée par conférence téléphonique,
par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant de les
identiﬁer, permettant à toute personne participant à cette assemblée de s’entendre
mutuellement de manière continue, et permettant une participation effective de ces
personnes à l’assemblée, sont réputés être présents pour le calcul du quorum et des

voix, àla condition que ces moyens de communication soient mis à disposition au lieu
23


de tenue de l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son mandataire doit
être physiquement présent au siège social de la Société.

8.4 Chaque associé peut voter à une assemblée générale par correspondance
au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé par lettre, courrier électronique, par
télécopie ou par tout autre moyen de communication au siège social de la Société ou à
l’adresse mentionnée dans l’avis de convocation. Les associés peuvent uniquement
utiliser les formulaires de vote par correspondance distribués par la Société et qui
contiennent au moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de
l’assemblée, les propositions soumises aux associés, ainsi que pour chaque proposition
trois cases autorisant l’associé à voter en faveur, contre ou à s’abstenir de voter en
cochant la case appropriée.

8.5 Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne font pas
apparaître (i) un vote en faveur (ii) un vote contre la résolution proposée ou (iii) une
abstention sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette résolution. La Société doit seulement
prendre en compte les formulaires de vote reçus avant l’assemblée générale à laquelle
ils se rapportent.

8.6 Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions supplémentaires à
remplir par les associés afin de pouvoir participer aux assemblées générales des
associés.

8.7 Une liste de présence doit être dressée à toutes les assemblées générales
des associés.

Article 9 Quorum, majorité et vote

9.1 Chaque part sociale donne droit à une voix aux assemblées générales des
associés.

9.2 Sous réserve de dispositions plus strictes des présents statuts ou de la
Loi, les décisions collectives des associés de la Société ne seront valablement adoptées
que pour autant qu’elles auront été adoptées par des associés détenant plus de la moitié
du capital social. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte à la première réunion ou
consultation par écrit, les associés sont convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois par
lettre recommandée avec le même ordre du jour et les décisions sont prises àla majorité
des votes valablement exprimés quelle que soit la portion du capital représenté.

Article 10 Modiﬁcation des statuts

Toute modiﬁcation des statuts requiert l’accord des associés représentant au

moins les trois quarts du capital social.
24


Article 11 Changement de nationalité

Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une résolution de
l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée dans les conditions requises pour une
modiﬁcation des présents statuts.

GERAN CE

Article 12 Composition et pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

12.1 La Société peut être gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si la Société a
plusieurs gérants, les gérants forment un conseil de gérance.

12.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, le cas échéant et
lorsque le terme << gérant unique >> n’est pas expressément mentionné dans ces statuts,
une référence au << conseil de gérance >> dans ces statuts devra être entendue comme
une référence au << gérant unique >>.

12.3 Le conseil de gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir
au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire ou utile pour
l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à l’exception des pouvoirs réservés
par la Loi ou par les présents statuts à l’assemblée générale des associés.

Article 13 Nomination, révocation des gérants et durée du mandat des
gérants

13.1 Les gérants sont nommés par l’assemblée générale des associés qui
détermine leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat. L’assemblée générale des
associés peut décider de nommer des gérants de catégories différentes, à savoir des
gérants de catégorie A (les << Gérants de Catégorie A >>) et des gérants de catégorie B
(les << Gérants de Catégorie B >>). Toute référence faite ci-après aux << gérants >> doit
s’interpréter comme une référence aux Gérants de Catégorie A et/ou Gérants de
Catégorie B en fonction du contexte et le cas échéant.

13.2 Les gérants sont nommés et peuvent être librement révoqués à tout
moment, avec ou sans motif, par une décision des associés.

Article 14 Convocation aux réunions du conseil de gérance

14.1 Le conseil de gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout gérant. Les
réunions du conseil de gérance sont tenues au siège social de la Société sauf indication
contraire dans la convocation àla réunion.

14.2 Une convocation écrite à toute réunion du conseil de gérance doit être
donné aux gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures à l’avance par rapport à

l’heure ﬁxée dans la convocation, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et les
25


motifs d’une telle urgence seront mentionnés dans la convocation. Une telle
convocation peut être omise en cas d’accord écrit de chaque gérant, par télécopie,
courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication. Une copie d’un tel
document signé constituera une preuve sufﬁsante d’un tel accord. Aucune convocation
préalable ne sera exigée pour un conseil de gérance dont le lieu et l’heure auront été
déterminés par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent conseil de
gérance, communiquée à tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

14.3 Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans l’hypothèse où tous
les gérants seront présents ou représentés à un conseil de gérance et renonceraient aux
formalités de convocation ou dans l’hypothèse de décisions écrites et approuvées par
tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

Article 15 Conduite des réunions du conseil de gérance

15.1 Le conseil de gérance peut élire un président du conseil de gérance parmi
ses membres. Il peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui peut ne pas être membre du
conseil de gérance et qui sera chargé de tenir les procès-verbaux des réunions du
conseil de gérance.

15.2 Le président du conseil de gérance, s’il y en a un, préside toutes les
réunions du conseil de gérance. En son absence, le conseil de gérance peut nommer
provisoirement un autre gérant en qualité de président temporaire par un vote à la
majorité des gérants présents ou représentés àla réunion.

15.3 Tout gérant peut se faire représenter à chaque réunion du conseil de
gérance en désignant tout autre gérant comme son mandataire par écrit, ou par
télécopie, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication, une copie du
mandat en constituant une preuve sufﬁsante. Un gérant peut représenter un ou
plusieurs gérants, mais non la totalité des membres du conseil de gérance.

15.4 Les réunions du conseil de gérance peuvent également se tenir par
conférence téléphonique ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de s'entendre
mutuellement sans discontinuité, garantissant une participation effective à cette
réunion. La participation à une réunion par ces moyens équivaut à une participation en
personne.

15.5 Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou statuer valablement que si au
moins la majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée à une réunion du conseil

de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des
26


gérants de catégories différentes, le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou agir
valablement que si au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie B est présent ou représenté àla réunion du conseil de gérance.

15.6 Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des gérants présents ou
représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où l’assemblée
générale des associés a nommé des gérants de catégories différentes, les décisions
doivent être adoptées par une majorité de gérants présents ou représentés comprenant
au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B. Le président
du conseil de gérance, le cas échéant, ne dispose pas d’une voix prépondérante.

15.7 Le conseil de gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des décisions par
résolution circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit, par télécopie, par courrier
électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication. Chaque gérant peut exprimer
son consentement séparément, l’ensemble des consentements attestant de l'adoption
des décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la dernière signature.

Article 16 Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance ; procès-
verbaux des décisions du gérant unique

16.1 Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du conseil de gérance seront
signés par (i) le président, s’il y en a un, ou en son absence, par le président temporaire,
et le secrétaire (s’il y en a un) ou (ii) par deux (2) gérants ou par un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant. Les copies ou extraits de
ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou autre seront, le cas échéant,
signés par le président le cas échéant, ou par deux (2) gérants ou par un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant.

16.2 Les décisions du gérant unique sont retranscrites dans des procès-
verbaux qui seront signés par le gérant unique. Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-
verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans tout autre contexte seront signés
par le gérant unique.

Article 17 Rapports avec les tiers

17.1 La Société sera valablement engagée à l’égard des tiers en toutes
circonstances (i) par la signature du gérant unique, ou, si la Société a plusieurs gérants,
par la signature conjointe de deux (2) gérants, ou (ii) par la signature conjointe d’un
(1) Gérant de Catégorie A et d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant, ou (iii)

par la signature conjointe ou la seule signature de toutes personnes auxquelles un tel

27


pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par le conseil de gérance, dans les limites de
cette délégation.
AUDIT ET SURVEILLANCE

Article 18 C0mmissaire(s) — Réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s)

18.1 Dans l’hypothèse où, et tant que la Société comptera plus de soixante
(60) associés, les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par un ou plusieurs
commissaires. L'assemblée générale des associés désigne les commissaires et
détermine la durée de leurs fonctions.

18.2 Un commissaire pourra être révoqué à tout moment, sans préavis et sans
motif, par l'assemblée générale des associés.

18.3 Le commissaire a un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanents sur toutes les opérations de la Société.

18.4 Si les associés de la Société désignent un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre 2002
concernant le registre de commerce et des sociétés ainsi que la comptabilité et les
comptes annuels des entreprises, telle que modiﬁée, la fonction de commissaire ne sera
plus requise.

18.5 Le réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne pourra être révoqué par l'assemblée
générale des associés que pour juste motif ou avec son accord.

EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS — AFFECTATION DES

BEN EFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DIVIDEN DES

Article 19 Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier de chaque année
et se termine le trente-et-un décembre de la même année.

Article 20 Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéﬁces

20.1 Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés et le
conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la Société, le bilan et
le compte de proﬁts et pertes, conformément à la loi.

20.2 Sur les bénéﬁces annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent (5%) au
moins seront affectés àla réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera d'être obligatoire dès
que et tant que le montant total de la réserve légale de la Société atteindra dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

20.3 Les sommes apportées à une réserve de la Société peuvent également

être affectées àla réserve légale.
28


20.4 En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la Société
pourra être réduite en proportion aﬁn qu'elle n'excède pas dix pour cent (10%) du
capital social.

20.5 Sur proposition du conseil de gérance, l'assemblée générale des associés
décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéﬁces distribuables de la Société
conformément àla Loi et aux présents statuts.

20.6 En cas de distribution, les montants distribués seront répartis comme
suit :

(i) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie A donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule neuf pour cent (l,90%) par an de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie A émises par la Société ;

(ii) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie B donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule huit pour cent (1 ,80%) par an de la
valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie B émises par la Société ;

(iii) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie C donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule sept pour cent (l,70%) par an de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C émises par la Société ;

(iv) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie D donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule six pour cent (1 ,60%) par an de la
valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie D émises par la Société ;

(v) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie E donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule cinq pour cent (l,50%) par an de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie E émises par la Société ;

(vi) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie F donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule quatre pour cent (1 ,40%) par an de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie F émises par la Société ;

(vii) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie G donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule trois pour cent (l,30%) par an de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie G émises par la Société ;

(viii) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie H donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule deux pour cent (1 ,20%) par an de

la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie H émises par la Société ;

29


(ix) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie I donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un virgule un pour cent (l,lO%) par an de la
valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie I émises par la Société ;

(x) les Parts Sociales de Catégorie J donnent droit, au prorata, au paiement
d’un dividende préférentiel représentant un pour cent (l,OO%) par an de la valeur
nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie J émises par la Société ;

chacune d’entre elles pour autant qu’elles n’auront pas été rachetées, et

(xi) le solde sera distribué àla Catégorie de Parts Sociales Concernée.

Article 21 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission et primes
assimilées

21.1 Le conseil de gérance peut procéder au paiement d’acomptes sur
dividendes conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

21.2 Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée ou réserve distribuable peut être
librement distribuée aux associés conformément aux dispositions de la Loi et aux
présents statuts.

LIQUIDATION

Article 22 Liquidation

22.1 En cas de dissolution de la Société conformément à l’article 3.2 des
présents statuts, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs nommés
par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé de cette dissolution et qui ﬁxera les
pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des liquidateurs. Sauf dispositions contraires, les
liquidateurs disposeront des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation de l’actif et
du passif de la Société.

22.2 Le surplus résultant de la réalisation de l’actif et du passif sera
distribué entre les associés au prorata de leur participation.

DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 23 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts, sera déterminé en conformité
avec la Loi.

DISPOSITION TRAN SITOIRE
Exceptionnellement le premier exercice commencera le jour de la constitution

pour finir le 31 décembre 2019.

30


SOUSCRIPTION — LIBERATION

Les 12,000 (douze mille) parts sociales représentant l'intégralité du capital
social ont toutes été souscrites par H.I.G. Europe — Sky, Ltd., prénommé, et ont été
intégralement libérées par des versements en numéraire, de sorte que la somme d’euros
12,000.- (douze mille Euros) se trouve dès maintenant à la disposition de la Société,
ainsi qu'il en a été justifié au notaire instrumentant.

FRAIS

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque forme
que ce soit qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en raison de sa
constitution, s'élève à environ mille cinq cents Euros (1 .500.- EUR).

ASSEMBLEE GENERALE

Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, le comparant précité,
représentant la totalité du capital social, exerçant les pouvoirs de l’assemblée, a pris
les résolutions suivantes:

1) Est nommé gérant A pour une durée indéterminée:

Monsieur Brendan Dolan, né le 3 avril 1973 à Tyrone, avec adresse
professionnelle au 10 Grosvenor Street, 2nd Floor, Londres W1K 4QB, Royaume-Uni.

2) Est nommée gérant A pour une durée indéterminée:

Mademoiselle Daphné Chanteloup, née le 25 janvier 1973 à Caen, avec
adresse professionnelle au 2, rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282 Luxembourg.

3) Est nommé gérant B pour une durée indéterminée:

Monsieur Philippe Leclercq, né le 18 mai 1968 à Liège, avec adresse
professionnelle au 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg.

4) Est nommé gérant B pour une durée indéterminée:

Monsieur Valery Beuken, née le 14 juin 1977 à Verviers, avec adresse
professionnelle au 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg.

5) Le siège social de la Société est établi au 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-
2411 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais constate par le présent qu'à
la requête de la personne comparante les présents statuts sont rédigés en anglais suivis
d'une version française, à la requête de la même personne et en cas de divergences
entre le texte anglais et français, la version anglaise fera foi.

Dont acte,

Fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.
31


Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire, il a signé avec

nous notaire la présente minute.

Signé : R. GALIOTTO et H. HELLINCKX.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, 1e 14 décembre 2018.
Relation: 1LAC/2018/40683
Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75 .- €
Le Receveur, (s) P. MOLLING.

- POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME -

Délivrée àla société sur demande.

Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019.

32


