Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230528

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.123
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Wellsburg Properties S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: L-1114 Luxembourg, 10, rue Nicolas Adames

NUMERO 3577/2018

ASSEMBLEE GENERALE EXTRAORDINAIRE DU 19
DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the 19th of December.

Before Us, Me Blanche MOUTRIER, notary residing in Esch Sur
Alzette, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, undersigned.

THERE APPEARED:

SENECON INVESTMENTS INC., a company incorporated and
existing under the laws of the Republic of Panama, and having its registered
ofﬁce in Panama City, Republic of Panama, incorporated on February 18,
2014 and registered with the “"Seccion Mercantil de1 Registro Publico de
Panama" under number 2011 13

here represented by Mr Charles DURO, attomey—at—law, residing
professionally at 3, rue de la Chapelle, L-1325 Luxembourg, by virtue of a
proxy given under private seal.

Said proxy, after having been signed "ne varietur" by the proxyholder
of the appearing party and the undersigned notary, will remain attached to
the present deed to be registered with it.

Such appearing party, represented as stated above, required the
undersigned notary to state that:

I. The appearing party is the sole shareholder (herein referred to as the
"Shareholder") of the company Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp. (herein
referred to as the "Company"), a Company Limited by Shares, incorporated

and existing under the laws of Panama, having its registered ofﬁce at MMG


Tower, 23rd Floor, Ave. del Paciﬁco and Ave. Paseo del Mar, Costa del Este,
PO. Box 0816-01547 Panama, Republic of Panama, incorporated on
October 15, 1987, and registered with the “"Secciôn Mercantil del Registro
Pûblico de Panamâ" under number 201169.

11. The Shareholder then submits to the notary the following
documents:

(a) a copy of the resolution taken in Panama on December 13, 2018 in
accordance with the Panamanian law deciding, among others, to transfer the
statutory registered ofﬁce and effective place of management and
administration of the Company from Panama, Republic of Panama, to
Luxembourg (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg) without break in continuity
and without creation of a new legal entity,

(b) a copy of the by-laws of the Company before the transfer of the
registered ofﬁce,

(c) a copy of the directors resignation letters,

(d) the balance sheet of the Company before the transfer of the
registered ofﬁce dated October 31“, 2018,

(e) a declaration relating to the net asset value of the Company issued
by the directors on November 20, 2018.

III. The name of the Shareholder, the number of its shares as well as
the name of its proxyholder are shown on an attendance list; this attendance
list is signed by the proxyholder of the Shareholder represented and the
ofﬁciating notary and will remain annexed to the present deed to be ﬁled at
the same time with the registration authorities.

IV. The agenda of the Meeting is the following:

. Waiver of notice rights;

. Conﬁrmation and ratiﬁcation of the resolutions taken by the

Shareholder in Panama on December 13, 2018, deciding among others
to transfer the Company’s statutory registered ofﬁce and effective place
of management and administration from Panama, Republic of Panama,

to Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in accordance with the


10.

provisions of Luxembourg law without break in continuity and without
creation of a new legal entity, and to adopt the Luxembourg
nationality;

Submission of the Company to Luxembourg law, and adoption of the
legal form of a “société à responsabilité limitée” and change of its name
from “Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp.” to “Wellburg Properties S.à
r.l.”;

Approval of the ﬁnancial statements of the Company as at October 31“,
2018;

Acknowledgment of the valuation report issued by the directors of the
Company as regards the net asset value of the Company and increase of
the share capital of the Company by an amount of USD 5,000.00 in
order to raise it from its current amount of USD 10,000.00 to the
amount of USD 15,000.00 by conversion of distributable reserves based
on the annual accounts dated October 31“, 2018;

Conversion of the share capital of the Company to EUR 12,000.00 to be
represented by 12,000 shares of EUR 1.00 each, with an issue premium
as the case may be;

Complete restatement of the articles of association of the Company, in
order to adapt them to Luxembourg law ;

Ascertainment of the resignation of the former directors of the
Company and discharge;

Appointment, for an unlimited period of time, of Mr Jan Arie
DEKKER, Mr Charles DURO and Mrs Karine MASTINU as managers
of the Company;

Empowerment of any holder of a certiﬁed true copy of the deed of
transfer, delivered by a Luxembourg notary, in order to accomplish all
acts which will be required to realize the transfer of statutory registered
office and effective place of management and administration of the

Company in Panama as well as in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.


The Shareholder, represented as mentioned above, request the

undersigned notary to record the following resolutions:
FIRST RESOLUTION

The Shareholder revolves to waive its rights to the prior notice of the
current General Meeting; the Shareholder acknowledges being sufﬁciently
informed on the agenda and considers being validly convened and therefore
agrees to deliberate and vote upon all the items of the agenda. It is further
unanimously resolved that all the relevant documentation has been put at the
disposal of the Shareholder within a sufﬁcient period of time in order to
allow him to examine carefully each document.

SECOND RESOLUTION

The Shareholder decides to conﬁrm and to ratify the resolutions taken
in Panama on December 13, 2018 deciding among others to transfer the
statutory registered ofﬁce and effective place of management and
administration of the Company from Panama, Republic of Panama, to
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in accordance with the
provisions of Luxembourg law and the rules concerning juridical person
status, the Company being maintained without break in continuity and
without creation of a new legal entity.

The Shareholder decides that the Company shall therefore be as of
today and henceforth exclusively governed by Luxembourg law.

The Shareholder decides to ﬁx the address of the registered ofﬁce of
the Company at 10, rue Nicolas Adames, L-lll4 Luxembourg (Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg).

THIRD RESOLUTION

The Shareholder decides that the Company will exist in the legal form
of a Luxembourg "société à responsabilité limitée" and resolve to change
the name of the Company from “Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp.” to
“Wellsburg Properties S.à r.l.”.

FOURTH RESOLUTION


The Shareholder approves the ﬁnancial statements of the Company as

at October 31“, 2018.
FIFTH RESOLUTION

The Shareholder records and accepts the description and substance of
the assets and liabilities of the Company as results from the ﬁnancial
statements of the Company as at October 31“, 2018, as well as the valuation
report issued on November 20, 2018, by the directors of the Company
relating to the net asset value of the Company.

It appears from the ﬁnancial statements of the Company and from this
report that the value of the net assets of the Company is at least equal to the
amount of EUR 12,000.00 (twelve thousand Euro).

A copy of the valuation report, signed ne varietur" by the
proxyholder of the appearing party and the undersigned notary will remain
annexed to the present deed to be registered with it.

SIXTH RESOLUTION

The Shareholder ascertains that the current amount of the share capital
of the Company is below the minimum share capital as required under
Luxembourg law.

As a consequence of the above, the Shareholder resolves to increase
the share capital of the Company by an amount of USD 5,000.00 (ﬁve
thousand United States Dollars) in order to raise it from its current amount
of USD 10,000.00 (ten thousand United States Dollars) to the amount of
USD 15,000.00 (ﬁfty thousand United States Dollars) by conversion into

share capital of part of the distributable reserves registered in the ﬁnancial

statements dated October 31“, 2018.

SEVENTH RESOLUTION

Following the increase in the share capital, the shareholder decides to
convert the subscribed share capital of the Company from USD to EUR at
the exchange rate of USD 1.00 = EUR 0.879649 so that the share capital of
the Company is henceforth of an amount of EUR 12,000.00 (twelve
thousand Euro) represented by 12,000 (twelve thousand) shares with a


nominal value of EUR 1.00 (one Euro) each, with an issue premium of EUR
1,194.74 (one thousand one hundred ninety four Euro seventy-four cents)
EIGHTH RESOLUTION

As a consequence of the foregoing resolutions, the Shareholder
decides to proceed to a complete restatement of the articles of association, in
accordance with Luxembourg law, to read as follows:

“STA T U T ES

Article 1. Formation

There is formed a private limited liability company ( "the Company”)
organized under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg (“the Laws'9
and by the present articles of association ("the Articles '9.

The Company may be composed of one single shareholder or several
shareholders, but not exceeding one hundred (100) shareholders.

Article 2. Name

The Company will exist under the name of "Wellsburg Properties S.à

r.l. ".

Article 3. Registered ofﬁce

The Company will have its registered oﬁce in the City of
Luxembourg.

The registered ofﬁce may be transferred to any other place within the
City of Luxembourg and to any other place in the Grand-Duchy of
Luxembourg by a resolution of the manager(s).

Branches or other oﬂices may be established either in the Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by resolution of the manager(s).

Article 4. Obiect

The Company has as a purpose to hold participations, in any form
whatsoever, in Luxembourg companies and foreign companies and all
other forms of investments, to acquire by purchase, subscription, or in any
other manner as well as to transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise stock,
bonds, debentures, notes and other securities of any kind as well as to

manage, control and develop such participations.


The Company may participate in the establishment and development
of any financial, industrial or commercial enterprises in Luxembourg and
abroad and may render them every assistance whether by way of loans,
guarantees or otherwise.

The Company may enter into the following transactions:

- to conclude and/or to get facilities in any form;

- to advance, lend, deposit funds and/or grant facility to the Afﬁliated
Companies;

- to grant any guarantee, pledge or other form of security agreement,
whether by personal covenant or by mortgage or charge upon all or part of
the Company ’s property assets (present or future), or by these two methods
cumulatively, for the execution of any agreement or obligation of the
Company or of Aﬁiliated Companies and to render any assistance to the
Aﬁiliated Companies within the limits authorized by Luxembourg law.

In the Articles, the “Aﬁiliated Companies” are the Company’s
subsidiaries and/or the companies in which the Company has direct or
indirect interest, even not substantial, and/or the companies that will be
direct or indirect shareholders of the Company and/or the companies
belonging to the same group of companies as the Company, and notably:

- a company is considered as belonging to the same group of
companies as the Company when this company, directly or indirectly,
holds, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the
Company, as ultimate holder, trustee, guardian or other fiduciary agent;

- a company shall be considered as controlling another company
when it holds, directly or indirectly, the whole or a substantial part of the
whole share capital of the company or it has the disposal of the authority to
run or to orient the management and the politics of the other company by
way of the detention of shares enabling to exert the right of vote by

agreements or otherwise.


The Company may carry out any other securities, ﬁnancial, industrial
or commercial activity, directly or indirectly connected with its objects and
maintain a commercial establishment open to the public.

The Company may conduct all real estate transactions, such as
buying, selling, development and management of real estate.

The Company may in general take any controlling and supervisory
measures and carry out any operation which it may deem useful in the
accomplishment and development of its purposes, it being understood that
the Company will not enter into any transaction which would cause it to be
engaged in any activity that would be considered as a banking activity.

Article 5. Duration

The Company is formed for an unlimited period of time.

Article 6. Share capital
The share capital of the Company is ﬁxed at 12,000.00—€ (twelve

thousand Euros) represented by 12, 000. 00 (twelve thousand) shares with a
nominal value of1.00-€ (one Euro) each.

The share capital may be changed at any time by a resolution of the
shareholder(s) deliberating in the manner provided for amendments to the
Articles.

Article 7. Share premium

In addition to the capital, a share premium account may be set up to
which any premium paid on any share in addition to its nominal value is
transferred

The amount of the share premium account may, inter alia, be used to
oﬁfset any net realised losses or to allocate funds to the Legal Reserve or
other distributable reserves.

In cases where a share premium is provided for, its amount must be
paid up in full.

Article 8. Redemption ot shares


The Company may purchase its own shares. The acquisition and the
ownership of these shares will be within the conditions and limitations
established by the Law.

The manager(s) are authorised to cancel Shares acquired by the
Company and to decide to reduce the share capital. In this case, the capital
reduction will be set down in a notarial act which must be established
within one month of the cancellation and the capital reduction decided by

the manager(s).

Article 9. Ownership ot shares

Towards the Company, the shares are indivisible, since only one
owner is admitted per share. Joint co-owners have to appoint a sole person

as their representative towards the Company.

Article 10. T ranster ot shares
In case of a single shareholder, the shares held by the single

shareholder are ﬂeely transferable.

In the case of plurality of shareholders, the shares held by each
shareholder may be transferred in the respect of article 710-12 of the law
of August I 0, 1915 on commercial companies (as amended).

In respect of the transfer of shares between living persons or
following death to any otherwise than ﬂom a shareholder or an owner of a
participation certificate with voting right, the shares can be transferred
with the approval of the shareholders representing at least half of the share

capital (or one-half of the shares belonging to the surviving shareholders)

Article 11. Register ot shares

There will be held at the registered oﬁice a register of shares which

may be inspected by each shareholder.

Article 12. Incapacigg. insolvency. bankruptcy ot the shareholder£s2
The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death,

suspension of civil rights, insolvency or bankruptcy of the single

shareholder or of one of the shareholders.

Article 13. Management


The Company shall be managed by one or several managers who
need not be shareholders themselves.

The manager(s) shall be appointed by the shareholder(s), who will
determine their number and the duration of their mandate, respectively they
are eligible for re-appointment and may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, by a resolution of the shareholder(s).

If several managers are appointed, they shall form a board of

managers ("the Board of Managers '9.

Article 14. Power at the managerts)

The manager(s) are vested with the broadest powers to perform all
acts necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company 's object.

All powers not expressly reserved by the Laws or by the Articles to
the general meeting of shareholder(s) fall within the competence of the
manager(s).

The limitations to the managers ’ powers in accordance with the Law,
the By-laws or resulting from competent organs are not opposable to third

parties even if they are published

Article 15. Delegation ot powers - Representation
The day-to-day management of the business of the Company and the

power to represent the company with respect thereto may be delegated to
one or more members of the management board, ofﬁcers, officers managers
or other agents, who may but are not required to be shareholders, acting
either alone or jointly.

The delegation of the day-to-day management of the business of the
Company shall have the prior authorization of the members ’ general
meeting.

The delegation in favour of a member of the management board shall
entail the obligation for the management board to report each year the
ordinary general meeting on the salary, fees, and any advantages granted

to the delegate.

10


The liability of persons entrusted with day-to-day management for
such management shall be governed by the general rules on mandates.

The managers can also confer powers or special mandates or
temporary and permanent assignments to individuals or committees of their
choice.

The Company will be bound towards third parties by the single
signature of any manager.

The Company will further be bound towards third parties by the joint
signatures or sole signature of any person(s) to whom special power has
been delegated by the manager(s), but only within the limits of such special
power.

Article 16. Interim dividend

The manager(s) may decide to pay an interim dividend on the basis of
a statement of accounts prepared by them showing that suﬂicient funds are
available for distribution provided always that the amount to be distributed
by way of interim dividend may not exceed total profits made since the end
of the last ﬁnancial year for which the annual accounts have been
approved, plus any proﬁts carried forward and sums drawn from reserves
available for this purpose, less losses carried forward and any sums to be
placed to reserve pursuant to the requirements of the Laws or of the
Articles.

The decision of the manager to pay an interim dividend cannot be
taken more than two months after the date on which the statement of
accounts mentioned here above has been drawn up.

Where the payments on account of interim dividends exceed the
amount of the dividend subsequently decided upon by the general meeting,
they shall, to the extent of the overpayment, be deemed to have been paid on
account of the next dividend.

Article 17. Meetin s 0 the Board 0 Mana ers

In case a Board of Managers is formed, the board may appoint from

among its members a chairman and a secretary who need not be a manager

11


himself responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the Board of
Managers.

The Board of Managers will meet upon call by the chairman or by
any two (2) of its members, at the place and at the time indicated in the
notice of meeting.

No such notice is required if all members of the Board of Managers
are present or represented and if they state to have full knowledge of the
agenda of the meeting.

Notice of a meeting may also be waived by a manager, either before
or after a meeting, whether in original, by fax or e-mail.

Separate written notices are not required for meetings that are held
at times and places indicated in a schedule previously adopted by the
Board of Managers.

The chairman will preside at all meetings of the Board of Managers,
except that in his absence the Board of Managers may appoint another
member of the Board of Managers as chairman pro tempore by majority
vote of the managers present or represented at such meeting.

Any manager may act at any meeting of the Board of Managers by
appointing in writing, transmitted by any means of communication
allowing for the transmission of a written text, another manager as his
proxy.

Any member of the Board of Managers may represent one or more
other members of the Board of Managers.

One or more managers may participate in a meeting by conference
call, video-conference or any other similar means of communication
enabling thus several persons participating therein to simultaneously
communicate with each other.

Such participation shall be deemed equivalent to a physical presence

at the meeting.

12


In the case where all managers decide to use these means of distance
communication, the meeting shall be deemed to have taken place at the
registered oﬂice of the company.

In addition, a written decision, signed by all the managers, is proper
and valid as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board of
Managers which was duly convened and held

The decisions taken by way of such procedure shall be deemed to be
taken at the registered ofﬁce of the company.

Such a decision may be documented in a single document or in
several separate documents having the same content and each of them
signed by one or several managers.

A quorum of the Board of Managers shall be the presence or
representation of at least half (1/2) of the managers holding oﬂice.

Decisions will be taken by a majority of the votes of the managers

present or represented at such meeting.

Article 18. Management tees and expenses
Subject to approval by the shareholder(s), the manager(s) may

receive a management fee in respect of the carrying out of their
management of the Company and be reimbursed for all other expenses
whatsoever incurred by the manager(s) in relation with such management

of the Company or the pursuit of the Company 's corporate object.

Article 19. Conﬂicts ot interest

If any of the managers of the Company has or may have any personal
interest in any transaction of the Company, such manager shall disclose
such personal interest to the other manager(s) and shall not consider or
vote on any such transaction.

In case of a sole manager it suﬂices that the transactions between the
Company and its manager, who has such an opposing interest, be recorded
in writing.

When, because of a conﬂict of interest, the required number of

managers pursuant to the By—laws, to deliberate and vote upon the matter

13


in question is not reached, the managers can decide do submit this decision
to the shareholders ’ general meeting.

T he foregoing paragraphs do not apply if (i) the relevant transaction
is entered into under fair market conditions and (ii) falls within the
ordinary course of business of the Company.

No contract or other transaction between the Company and any other
company or firm shall be affected or invalidated by the mere fact that any
one or more of the managers or any oﬂicer of the Company has a personal
interest in, or is a manager, associate, member, shareholder, oﬂicer or
employee of such other company or ﬁrm.

At the next following general meeting, before any other resolutions is
put to vote, a special report shall be made on any transactions in which any
of the directors may have had an interest conflicting with that of the
company.

Article 20. Liability at the managerts)

The manager(s) assume, by reason of their position, no personal
liability in relation to any commitment validly made in the name of the
Company.

Article 21 . Auditorts)

Except where according to the Laws the financial statements must be
audited by an independent auditor, the business of the Company and its
financial situation may be reviewed by one or more auditors who need not
be shareholder(s) themselves.

The independent auditor(s) and the auditor(s) (if any), will be
appointed by the shareholder(s), who will determine their number and the
duration of their mandate, respectively they are eligible for re-appointment
and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a resolution of
the shareholder(s), save in such cases where the independent auditor may,

as a matter of the Laws, only be removed for serious cause.

Article 22. Shareholder(s)

14


The shareholder(s) shall have such powers as are vested with them
pursuant to the Laws and the Articles.
The single shareholder carries out the powers bestowed on the

general meeting of shareholders.

Article 23. General meetings

Resolutions of the shareholder(s) are passed in a general meeting
held at the registered oﬁice of the Company or at such other place in the
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg upon issuance of a convening notice in
compliance with the Laws and the Articles, by the manager(s), subsidiarily,
by the auditor(s) (if any) or, more subsidiarily, by shareholder(s)
representing more than half (1/2) of the share capital.

If all the shareholders are present or represented at a general
meeting and if they state that they have been duly informed of the agenda of
the meeting, the meeting may be held without prior notice.

All shareholders are entitled to attend and speak at any general
meeting.

Persons present at the Meeting for the purposes of calculating the
quorum and the majority shall be deemed to include shareholders who take
part in the Meeting via videoconference facilities or via telecommunication
media that allow them to be identiﬁed For the purpose of that paragraph,
a shareholder of an attorney shall be physically present at the registered
oﬁice of the Company.

A shareholder may act at any general meeting by appointing in
writing, transmitted by any means of communication allowing for the
transmission of a written text, another person who need not be a
shareholder himselﬁ as a proxy holder.

Any shareholder can also vote by correspondence, via signed and
dated form, the original of which will be submitted before the meeting. The

forms in which the direction of a vote or the abstention are not mentioned

shall be declared invalid

15


In addition, if the Company is composed of several shareholders, but
no more than sixty (60) shareholders, resolutions of the shareholders may
be passed in writing, with the exception of decisions regarding amendments
to the By-laws.

Written resolutions may be documented in a single document or in
several separate documents having the same content and each of them
signed by one or several shareholders.

The managers may suspend voting rights of any shareholder who is
in default on his obligation under the By-laws or his subscription or
commitment act.

Any shareholder can also, in his personal capacity, undertake not to
exercise temporarily or deﬁnitively part of all of his voting rights. Such
waiver is binding the shareholder waiving and applies to the Company
from the moment it was notiﬁed to it.

At any general meeting other than a general meeting convened for the
purpose of amending the Articles or voting on resolutions whose adoption
is subject to the quorum and majority requirements of an amendment to the
Articles, resolutions shall be adopted by shareholders representing more
than half (1/2) of the capital, each share entitling to one vote.

If such majority is not reached at the ﬁrst meeting, the shareholders
shall be convened a second time and resolutions shall be adopted,
irrespective of the number of shares represented, by a simple majority of
votes cast.

At any general meeting convened for the purpose of amending the
Articles or voting on resolutions whose adoption is subject to the quorum
and majority requirements of an amendment to the Articles, resolutions will
be passed by the shareholders representing at least three-quarters (3/4) of

the share capital.

Article 24. Financial year

The Company's ﬁnancial year starts on the ﬁrst of January and ends

on the thirty ﬁrst of December of each year.

16


Article 25. Financial statements

At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the
manager(s) draw up an inventory of assets and liabilities, the balance sheet
and the proﬁt and loss account, in accordance with the Laws for
submission to the shareholder(s) for approval.

Each shareholder or its representative may inspect these ﬁnancial
documents at the registered ofﬁce.

If the Company is composed of more than sixty (60) shareholders,
such right may only be exercised within a time period of ﬂfteen (15)

calendar days preceding the date set for the annual general meeting.

Article 26. Legal reserve
The credit balance of the proﬁt and loss account, aﬁer deduction of

general expenses, costs, amortization, charges and provisions represents
the annual net proﬁt.

From the annual net proﬁt, at least ﬁve per cent (5%) shall each year
be allocated to the reserve in the respect of article 710-23 of the law of
August 10th, 1915 on commercial companies (as amended) ("the Legal
Reserve').

That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as soon
and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the

share capital.

Article 27. Allocation ot the proﬁts
After allocation to the Legal Reserve, the shareholder(s) shall

determine how the remainder of the annual net proﬁt will be disposed of by
allocating the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve or to a provision,
by carrying it forward to the next following ﬁnancial year or by
distributing it, together with carried forward proﬁts, distributable reserves
or share premium to the shareholder(s), each share entitling to the same

proportion in such distributions.

Article 28. Dissolution and liquidation

17


The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of half (1/2) of the
shareholder(s) holding three-quarters (3/4) of the share capital and
deliberating in the manner provided for amendments to the Articles.

At the time of winding up, the liquidation will be carried out by one
or several liquidators, shareholders or not, appointed by the shareholder(s)
who shall determine their powers and remuneration.

A sole shareholder can decide to dissolve the Company and to
proceed to its liquidation, assuming personally the payment of all known
and unknown assets and liabilities of the Company.

After payment of all the debts of and charges against the Company,
including the expenses of liquidation, the net liquidation proceeds shall be
distributed to the shareholder(s).

The liquidator(s) may proceed with the distribution of liquidation
down payments subject to keep suﬂicient provision for payment of the

outstanding debts.

Article 29. Incorporated Provisions

Reference is made to the provisions of the Laws, in particular the law
of August 10, 1915 on commercial companies (as amended), for all matters
for which no speciﬁc provision is made in the Articles.

In case of divergence between the English and the French version of

the present document, the English version shall prevail. ”

Transitional provisions
T he ﬁrst ﬁnancial year in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg begins on

the present date and ends on 31 December 2018.
NINTH RESOLUTION

The Shareholder ascertains and accepts the resignation of Dr. Christa
BURSCHOWSKY, Mrs Marta DE SAAVEDRA and Mrs Dianeth M. DE
OSPINO as directors of the Company and give them discharge for the

exercise of their mandate until today.

TENTH RESOLUTION

18


The Shareholder decides to appoint as managers of the Company for
an unlimited period of time:

1. Mr Jan Arie DEKKER, company director, born on March 19th,
1948 in Gravenhage (The Netherlands), with professional address at Van
Merlenlaan, 25, NL-2101 GC Heemstede ;

2. Mr Charles DURO, attorney-law, born on June 6th, 1958 in
Luxembourg, residing professionally at 3, rue de la Chapelle, L-1325
Luxembourg; and

3. Mrs Karine MASTINU, attorney-law, born on May 7th, 1975 in
Villerupt (France), residing professionally at 3, rue de la Chapelle, L-1325
Luxembourg.

ELEVENTH RESOLUTION

The Shareholder decides to empower any holder of a certiﬁed true
copy of the present deed of transfer, delivered by a Luxembourg notary, in
order to accomplish all acts which will be required to realize the transfer of
registered office of the Company to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and in
particular to accomplish in Panama as well as in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg all formalities so required by the public or private authorities,
banks or any other authority.

COSTS

 

The costs, expenditures, remunerations and charges in whatsoever
form, incumbent on the Company or chargeable to it by reason of these
presents, are estimated, without any prejudice, at approximately the sum of
EUR 2,500.

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English states
herewith that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is
worded in English followed by a French version. On request of the same
appearing party and in case of divergences between the English and the

French text, the English version will be prevailing.

19


WHEREOF, the present notaria1 deed was drawn up in Luxembourg,
on the day indicated at the beginning of this deed.

The document having been read and translated into the language of the
proxy holder of the appearing party, known to the notary by surname, ﬁrst
name, civil status and residence, he signed together With Us, the notary, the
present original deed.

Suit la version française du texte qui précède

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le 19 décembre

Par-devant Nous, Maitre Blanche MOUTRIER, notaire de résidence
à Esch Sur Alzette, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soussigné.

A COMPARU:

SENECON INVESTMENTS INC., une société constituée et existant
sous les lois de la République de Panama, ayant son siege social à Panama-
City, République de Panama, et immatriculée à la << Seccion Mercantil del
Registro Publico de Panama” sous le numéro 201113

ici représentée par Maitre Charles DURO, avocat àla cour, demeurant
professionnellement au 3, rue de la Chapelle, L-l325 Luxembourg, en vertu
d'une procuration donnée sous seing privé.

La prédite procuration, après avoir été signée «ne varietur» par le
mandataire du comparant et le notaire instrumentant, restera annexée au
présent acte pour être enregistrées avec lui.

Lequel comparant, représenté comme dit ci-avant, a prié le notaire
d'acter que:

1. Le comparant est l’associé unique (ci-après dénommées 1’«Associe’»)
de la société Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp. (ci-après dénommée la
<<Socie’te’»), une «Company Limited by Shares», constituée et existant sous
les lois de la République de Panama, ayant son siège social à MMG Tower,
23rd Floor, Ave. del Paciﬁco and Ave. Paseo del Mar, Costa del Este, P.O.
Box 0816-01547, Panama, République de Panama, constituée en date du 15
octobre 1987, constituée le 18 février 2018 et immatriculée à la << Seccion

Mercantil del Registro Publico de Panama” sous le numéro 201169.

20


II. L’Associé soumet ensuite au notaire les documents suivants:

(a) une copie des résolutions adoptées au Panama le 13 décembre
2018 en conformité avec les lois en vigueur au Panama, décidant entre
autres de transférer le siège social statutaire et le siège de direction effective
et de l’administration centrale de la Société de Panama (République de
Panama) à Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, sans interruption de
la personnalité juridique ni création d’une nouvelle entité,

(b) une copie des statuts de la Société avant le transfert du siège social,

(c) une copie des lettres de démission des gérants,

(d) le bilan de la Société avant le transfert du siège social, daté du 31
octobre 2018,

(e) une déclaration relative à la valeur nette de la Société, émise le 20
novembre 2018 par les dirigeants de la Société.

III. Le nom de l’Associé, le nombre de parts sociales possédées lui et
le nom de son mandataire, sont portés sur une liste de présence; cette liste de
présence est signée par le mandataire de l’Associé représenté et le notaire
instrumentant et restera annexée au présent acte avec lequel elle sera
enregistrée.

IV. L’ordre du jour de l’Assemblée est le suivant :

1. Renonciation aux droits de convocation préalable ;

2. Conﬁrmation et ratiﬁcation des résolutions prises par les
Associés au Panama le 13 décembre 2018, décidant, entre autres, de
transférer le siège statutaire et le siège effectif de direction et
d'administration de la Société du Panama, à Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, conformément aux dispositions du droit
luxembourgeois sans rupture de continuité et sans création d'une
nouvelle personne morale et adoption de la nationalité
luxembourgeoise;

3. Soumission de la Société à la loi luxembourgeoise,

adoption de la forme juridique d'une société à responsabilité limitée, et

21


changement de sa dénomination de "Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp.
" en "Wellsburg Properties S.à. r.l. ";

4. Approbation des états ﬁnanciers de la Société au 31
octobre 2018 ;

5. Reconnaissance du rapport d'évaluation émis par les
dirigeants de la Société relatif à l’actif net de la Société et augmentation
du capital social souscrit de la Société d’un montant de USD 5.000,00-
pour le porter de son montant actuel de USD 10.000,00- au montant de
USD 15.000,00- par conversion de réserves distribuables sur base des
comptes annuels du 31 octobre 2018;

6. Conversion du capital social souscrit de la Société à EUR
12.000,00- représenté par 12.000 parts sociales de EUR 1,- chacune,
avec une prime d’émission le cas échéant ;

7. Refonte complète des statuts de la Société, aﬁn de les
adapter à la loi luxembourgeoise;

8. Constatation de la démission des anciens administrateurs
de la Société et décharge;

9. Nomination pour une durée illimitée de Monsieur Jan
Arie DEKKER, Monsieur Charles DURO et de Madame Karine
MASTINU aux fonctions de gérants ;

10. Pouvoir à tout porteur d'une copie certifiée conforme de
l'acte de transfert, délivré par un notaire de Luxembourg, afin
d'accomplir tous les actes qui seront nécessaires pour réaliser le
transfert du siège statutaire et du lieu effectif de gestion et
d'administration de la Société au Panama ainsi qu'au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

L’associé, représenté comme dit ci-avant, prie le notaire instrumentant
d'acter les résolutions suivantes:

PREMIERE RESOLUTION
L’Associé a décidé de renoncer à son droit de recevoir la convocation

préalable afférente à l’Assemblée Générale; l’Associé reconnait avoir été

22


sufﬁsamment informé de l'ordre du jour et se considère valablement
convoqué et par conséquent accepte de délibérer et voter sur tous les points
portés à l'ordre du jour. Il est en outre décidé que toute la documentation
produite lors de cette assemblée a été mise à disposition de l’Associé dans
un laps de temps sufﬁsant aﬁn de lui permettre un examen attentif de chaque
document.
SECONDE RESOLUTION

L’Associé décide de conﬁrmer et de ratiﬁer les résolutions prises au
Panama le 13 décembre 2018 décidant entre autres de transférer le siège
social statutaire et le siège de direction effective et de l’administration
centrale de la Société de Panama, République de Panama, à Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, conformément aux dispositions de la loi
luxembourgeoise et aux règles concernant le statut de la personnalité
juridique de la Société, celle-ci étant maintenue sans rupture et sans création
d'un être moral nouveau.

L’Associé décide que la Société sera donc dès aujourd'hui et
dorénavant régie par le droit luxembourgeois, à l'exclusion de tout autre.

L’Associé décide de ﬁxer l'adresse du siège social de la Société au 10,
rue Nicolas Adames, L-1114 Luxembourg.

TROISIEME RESOLUTION

L’Associé décide que la Société existera à Luxembourg sous la forme
d'une société à responsabilité limitée et décide de changer sa dénomination
de "Wellsburg Properties Ltd. Corp. " en "Wellsburg Properties S.à. r.l. "

QUATRIEME RESOLUTION

L’Associé décide d’approuver les états ﬁnanciers de la Société au 31

octobre 2018.
CIN UIEME RESOLUTION
L’Associé prend acte de et accepte la description et la substance des
actifs et passifs de la Société tels qu'ils résultent du bilan de la Société daté

du 31 octobre 2018, ainsi que le rapport d'évaluation émis en date du 20

23


novembre 2018 par les dirigeants de la Société relatif àla valeur nette réelle
de la Société.

Il ressort du bilan de la Société et de ce rapport que la valeur des actifs
nets de la Société s'élève à au moins EUR 12.000,00- (douze mille euros).

Une copie du rapport d’évaluation, après avoir été signée «ne
varietur» par les mandataires des comparants et le notaire instrumentant,
demeurera annexée au présent acte pour être enregistrée avec lui.

SIXIEME RESOLUTION

L’Associé constate que le montant actuel du capital social souscrit de
la Société est en dessous du capital social minimum tel que requis par la loi
luxembourgeoise.

En conséquence, l’Associé décide d’augmenter le capital social
souscrit de la Société à concurrence d’un montant de USD 5.000,00- (cinq
mille Dollars américains) pour le porter de son montant actuel de USD
10.000,00- (dix mille Dollars américains) au montant de USD 15.000,00-
(quinze mille Dollars américains) par conversion en capital d’une partie des
réserves distribuables sur base des comptes annuels datés du 31 octobre
2018.

SEPTIEME RESOLUTION

Suite à l’augmentation de capital, l’Associé décide de convertir le
capital social souscrit de la Société de USD en EUR au taux de change de
USD 1,00- = EUR 0,879649- de sorte que le capital social souscrit de la
Société sera désormais d’un montant de EUR 12.000,00- (douze mille
euros) représenté par 12.000 (douze mille) parts sociales d’une valeur
nominale de EUR 1,00- (un euro) chacune, avec une prime d’émission de
EUR 1.194,74- (mille cent quatre-vingt-quatorze Euros soixante-quatorze
cents)..

HUITIEME RESOLUTION

Suite aux résolutions qui précèdent, l’Associé décide de procéder à

une refonte complète des statuts, en conformité avec la loi luxembourgeoise,

pour leur donner la teneur suivante:

24


«w
Article ]. Forme
Il est formé une société à responsabilité limitée («la Société») régie
par les lois du Grand—Duché de Luxembourg, («les Lois») et par les
présents statuts («les Statuts»).
La Société peut comporter un associé unique ou plusieurs associés,

dans la limite de cent (100) associés.

 

Article 2. Dénomination

 

La Société a comme dénomination "Wellsburg Properties S.à r.l. ".

Article 3. Siège social‘

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg.

Le siège social peut être transféré à tout autre endroit de la ville de
Luxembourg et a tout autre endroit au Grand—Duché de Luxembourg par
une décision des gérant(s).

Des succursales ou d'autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au

Grand—Duché du Luxembourg ou a l 'étranger par décision des gérant(s).

Article 4. Obiet

L’objet de la Société consiste a prendre des participations sous
quelque forme que ce soit, dans des entreprises luxembourgeoises ou
étrangères, et toutes autres formes de placement; acquérir par achat,
souscription ou de toute autre manière, ainsi qu ’aliéner par vente, échange
ou de toute autre manière des titres, obligations, créances, billets et autres
valeurs de toutes espèces; administrer, contrôler et développer telles
participations.

La Société peut participer a la création et au développement de
n'importe quelle entreprise ﬁnancière, industrielle ou commerciale, tant au
Luxembourg qu'a l 'étranger et leur prêter concours, que ce soit par des
prêts, des garanties ou de toute autre manière.

La Société peut également, être engagée dans les opérations

suivantes:

25


- conclure des emprunts sous toute forme ou obtenir toutes formes de
moyens de crédit;

- avancer, prêter, déposer des fonds ou donner crédit aux Sociétés
Apparentées;

- accorder toutes garanties, fournir tous gages ou toutes autres
formes de sureté, que ce soit par engagement personnel ou par hypothèque
ou charge sur tout ou partie des avoirs Corésents ou futurs), ou par l 'une et
l 'autre de ces méthodes, pour l 'exécution de tous contrats ou obligations de
la Société ou des Sociétés Apparentées et d'apporter toute assistance aux
Sociétés Apparentées dans les limites autorisées par la loi
luxembourgeoise.

Aux ﬁns des Statuts, les « Sociétés Apparentées » sont les ﬁliales de
la Société et/ou les sociétés dans lesquelles elle a un intérêt direct ou
indirect, même non substantiel, et/ou toutes sociétés, qui seraient
actionnaires, directs ou indirects, de la Société, et/ou encore toutes sociétés
appartenant au même groupe que la Société, et notamment:

- une société est considérée comme appartenant au même groupe de
sociétés que la Société, si cette société, directement ou indirectement,
détient, contrôle, est contrôlée par ou est sous contrôle commun avec, la
Société, que ce soit comme détenteur ultime, trustee ou gardien ou autre
fiduciaire;

- une société sera considérée comme contrôlant une autre société si
elle détient, directement ou indirectement, tout ou une partie substantielle
de l'ensemble du capital social de la société ou dispose du pouvoir de
diriger ou d'orienter la gestion et les politiques de l 'autre société, que ce
soit aux moyens de la détention de titres permettant d'exercer un droit de
vote, par contrat ou autrement.

La Société peut réaliser toutes opérations mobilières, ﬁnancières ou
industrielles, commerciales, liées directement ou indirectement à son objet

et avoir un établissement commercial ouvert au public.

26


La Société peut également faire toutes les opérations immobilières,
telles que l 'achat, la vente, l 'exploitation et la gestion d'immeubles.

La Société peut, d'une façon générale, prendre toutes mesures de
contrôle et de surveillance et faire toutes opérations qu 'elle jugera utiles à
l 'accomplissement ou au développement de son objet; il est entendu que la
Société n'effectuera aucune opération qui pourrait l 'amener à être engagée
dans des activités pouvant être considérées comme une activité bancaire.

Article 5. Durée

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

Article 6. Capital social
Le capital social de la Société est de 12.000, 00-€ (douze mille euros)

représenté par 12.000 (douze—mille mille) parts sociales entièrement
libérées avec une valeur nominale de I, 00-€ (un euro) chacune.

Le capital peut être modifié à tout moment par une décision des
associé(s) délibérant comme en matière de modification de Statuts.

Article 7. Prime d'émission

En outre du capital social, un compte prime d'émission peut être
établi dans lequel seront transférées toutes les primes payées sur les parts
sociales en plus de la valeur nominale.

Le montant de ce compte prime d'émission peut être utilisé, entre
autre, pour compenser toute perte nette réalisée ou pour affecter des fonds
a la Réserve Légale ou toutes autres réserves distribuables.

Lorsqu’une prime d’émission est prévue, son montant doit être

intégralement versé.

Article 8. Rachat de parts sociales

La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales. L ’acquisition et
la détention de ses parts sociales propres se fera conformément aux
conditions et dans les limites ﬁxées par la Loi.

Les gérant(s) sont autorisés à annuler des parts rachetées par la
société et à décider une réduction de capital aﬁérente. Dans ce cas, la

réduction de capital sera constatée dans un acte notarié qui devra être

27


dressé dans le mois de l’annulation et de la réduction de capital afférente
décidée par le gérant(s).

Article 9. Propriété des parts sociales

Envers la Société, les parts sociales sont indivisibles, de sorte qu'un
seul propriétaire par part sociale est admis. Les copropriétaires indivis
doivent désigner une seule personne qui les représente auprès de la
Société.

Article 10. T ranstert des parts sociales

Lorsque la Société ne compte qu'un seul associé, celui—ci peut

 

 

librement céder ses parts sociales.

Lorsque la Société compte plusieurs associés, ceux—ci ne peuvent
céder leurs parts sociales que dans le respect de l 'article 71 0-12 de la loi
du 10 aout 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales (telle que modifiée).

Dans le cadre des cessions de parts sociales entre vifs ou pour cause
de mort a des personnes autres que les associés ou les détenteurs de parts
bénéﬁciaires portant droit de vote, les parts peuvent être transmises avec
l’agrément des associés représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) des parts

sociales (respectivement la moitié des parts appartenant aux survivants).

Article 1]. Registre des parts sociales

Il est tenu au siège social un registre des parts sociales dont tout
associé pourra prendre connaissance.

Article 12. Inca acité insolvabilité ou aillite des Associé s

 

La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de la suspension
des droits civils, de l'insolvabilité ou de la faillite de l'associé unique ou
d'un des associés.

Article 13. Gérance

La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants qui n'ont pas besoin
d 'être associés.

Les gérant(s) seront nommés par les associé(s), qui détermineront

leur nombre et la durée de leur mandat, respectivement ils peuvent être

28


renommés et peuvent être révoqués a tout moment, avec ou sans motif par
une résolution des associé(s).
Si plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils formeront un collège de

gérance («le Collège de Gérance»).

Article 14. Pouvoir des géranas)

Les gérant(s) sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour
accomplir tous les actes nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l'objet
social de la Société.

Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés en vertu des
Lois ou des Statuts au(x) associé(s) relèvent de la compétence des gérant(s).

Les limitations apportées aux pouvoirs attribués aux gérant(s) en
vertu de la loi, des statuts ou qui résultent d’une décision des organes

compétents, sont inopposables aux tiers même si elles sont publiées.

 

Article 15. Délégation de pouvoirs- Représentation

La gestion journalière des aﬁaires de la société ainsi que la

 

représentation de la société, en ce qui concerne cette gestion, peuvent être
déléguées a un ou plusieurs gérants, directeurs et autres agents, associés
ou non, agissant seuls ou conjointement.

La délégation de la gestion journalière de la Société est subordonnée
à l’autorisation préalable de l’assemblée générale des associés.

La délégation a un gérant impose aux gérants l’obligation de rendre
annuellement compte à l’assemblée ou aux associés des traitements,
émoluments et avantages quelconques alloués au délégué.

La responsabilité des délégués à la gestion journalière en raison de
cette gestion se détermine conformément aux règles générales du mandat.

Les gérant(s) peuvent également conférer des pouvoirs ou des
mandats spéciaux ou des fonctions permanents ou temporaires a des
personnes ou comités de son choix.

La Société sera engagée vis—à—vis des tiers par la signature

individuelle de chaque gérant.

29


La Société sera également engagée vis—à—vis des tiers par la signature
conjointe ou par la signature individuelle de toute(s) personne(s) a qui ce
pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par les gérant(s), mais seulement

dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

Article 16. Acompte sur dividende

Les gérant(s) peuvent décider de payer un dividende intérimaire sur
base d'un état comptable préparé par eux duquel il ressort que des fonds
suﬁsants sont disponibles pour distribution, étant entendu que les fonds à
distribuer en tant que dividende intérimaire ne peuvent jamais excéder le
montant total des bénéﬁces réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice dont
les comptes annuels ont été approuvés, augmenté des bénéﬁces reportés
ainsi que des prélèvements eﬁectuées sur les réserves disponibles a cet eﬁet
et diminué des pertes reportées ainsi que des sommes a porter en réserves
en vertu des Lois ou des Statuts.

La décision des gérant(s) de distribuer un acompte ne peut être prise
plus de deux mois après la date a laquelle a été arrêté l’état comptable
susmentionné.

Lorsque les acomptes excèdent le montant du dividende arrêté
ultérieurement par les associés, ils sont, dans cette mesure, considérés
comme un acompte à valoir sur le dividende suivant.

Article 17. Réunions du Collège de Gérance

Dans le cas ou un Collège de Gérance est formé, le Collège peut
nommer parmi ses membres un président et un secrétaire qui n'a pas besoin
d'être lui—même gérant responsable de la tenue des procès—verbaux du
Collège de Gérance.

Le Collège de Gérance se réunira sur convocation du président ou de
deux (2) de ses membres, au lieu et date indiqués dans la convocation.

Si tous les membres du Collège de Gérance sont présents ou
représentés à une réunion et s'ils déclarent avoir été dûment informés de
l'ordre du jour de la réunion, celle—ci peut se tenir sans convocation

préalable.

30


Un gérant peut également renoncer à sa convocation à une réunion,
soit avant soit après la réunion, par écrit en original, par fax ou par e—mail.

Des convocations écrites séparées ne sont pas requises pour les
réunions qui sont tenues aux lieu et date indiqués dans un agenda de
réunions adopté à l 'avance par le Collège de Gérance.

Le Président présidera toutes les réunions du Collège de Gérance,
mais en son absence le Collège de Gérance désignera un autre membre du
Collège de Gérance comme président pro tempore par un vote a la majorité
des gérants présents ou représentés à cette réunion.

Tout gérant peut se faire représenter aux réunions du Collège de
Gérance en désignant par un écrit, transmis par tout moyen de
communication permettant la transmission d'un texte écrit, un autre gérant
comme son mandataire.

Tout membre du Collège de Gérance peut représenter un ou plusieurs
autres membres du Collège de Gérance.

Un ou plusieurs gérants peuvent prendre part a une réunion par
conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen de
communication similaire permettant ainsi a plusieurs personnes y
participant de communiquer simultanément les unes avec les autres.

Une telle participation sera considérée équivalente à une présence
physique a la réunion.

Dans le cas ou, l’intégralité du Collège de gérance décide d’utiliser
des tels moyens de communication a distance, la réunion est réputée se
dérouler au siège de la société.

En outre, une décision écrite, signée par tous les Gérants, est
régulière et valable de la même manière que si elle avait été adoptée à une
réunion du Collège de Gérance dûment convoquée et tenue. Les décisions
prises selon cette procédure sont réputées être prises au siège social de la
société.

Une telle décision pourra être consignée dans un seul ou plusieurs

écrits séparés ayant le même contenu et signé par un ou plusieurs Gérants.

31


Le Collège de Gérance ne pourra valablement délibérer que si au
moins la moitié (1/2) des gérants en fonction est présente ou représentée.

Les décisions seront prises à la majorité des voix des gérants
présents ou représentés à cette réunion.

Article 18. Rémunération et débours

Sous réserve de l'approbation des associé(s), les gérant(s) peuvent
recevoir une rémunération pour leur gestion de la Société et être
remboursés de toutes les dépenses qu 'ils auront exposées en relation avec

la gestion de la Société ou la poursuite de l 'objet social de la Société.

Article 19. Conﬂit d'intérêts\

Si un ou plusieurs gérants a ou pourrait avoir un intérêt personnel
dans une transaction de la Société, ce gérant devra en aviser les autres
gérant(s) et il ne pourra ni prendre part aux délibérations ni émettre un
vote sur une telle transaction.

Dans le cas d'un gérant unique, il est seulement fait mention dans un
procès—verbal des opérations intervenues entre la Société et son gérant
ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

Lorsque, en raison d’une opposition d’intérêts, le nombre de gérants
requis statutairement en vue de délibérer et de voter sur le point en
question n ’est pas atteint, les gérants peuvent décider de deférer la
décision sur ce point à l’assemblée générale des associés.

Les dispositions des alinéas qui précèdent ne sont pas applicables
lorsque (i) l 'opération en question est conclue à des conditions normales et
(ii) si elle tombe dans le cadre des opérations courantes de la Société.

Aucun contrat ni autre transaction entre la Société et d'autres
sociétés ou entreprises ne sera affecté ou invalidé par le simple fait qu'un
ou plusieurs gérants ou tout fondé de pouvoir de la Société y a un intérêt
personnel, ou est gérant, collaborateur, membre, associé, fondé de pouvoir

ou employé d'une telle société ou entreprise.

32


Il est spécialement rendu compte, a la première assemblée générale,
avant tout vote sur d’autres résolutions, des opérations dans lesquelles un

des administrateurs aurait eu un intérêt opposé à celui de la société.

Article 20. Responsabilité des gérant(sﬂ

Les Gérants n'engagent, dans l 'exercice de leurs fonctions, pas leur

 

 

responsabilité personnelle lorsqu'ils prennent des engagements au nom et

pour le compte de la Société.

Article 21 . Commissairets) aux comptes

Hormis lorsque, conformément aux Lois les comptes sociaux doivent
être vériﬁés par un réviseur d'entreprises indépendant, les aﬁaires de la
Société et sa situation ﬁnancière peuvent être contrôlés par un ou plusieurs
commissaires aux comptes qui n'ont pas besoin d'être eux—mêmes
associé(s).

Les réviseur(s) d'entreprises indépendant(s) et les commissaire(s) aux
comptes seront (s 'il en existe), nommés par les associé(s) qui détermineront
leur nombre et la durée de leur mandat, respectivement leur mandat peut
être renouvelé et ils peuvent être révoqués a tout moment, avec ou sans
motijf par une résolution des associé(s) sauf dans les cas ou le réviseur
d 'entreprises indépendant ne peut seulement, par dispositions des Lois, être

révoqué pour motifs graves.

Article 22. Associéts)

Les associés exercent les pouvoirs qui leur sont dévolus par les Lois
et les Statuts.
Si la Société ne compte qu'un seul associé, celui—ci exerce les

pouvoirs prémentionnés conférés a l 'assemblée générale des associés.

Article 23. Assemblées générales

Les décisions des associé(s) sont prises en assemblée générale tenue

au siège social ou a tout autre endroit du Grand—Duché de Luxembourg sur
convocation conformément aux conditions ﬁxées par les Lois et les Statuts

des gérant(s), subsidiairement, des commissaire (s) aux comptes (s 'il y en

33


existe), ou plus subsidiairement, des associé(s) représentant plus de la
moitié (1/2) du capital social.

Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à une assemblée
générale et s'ils déclarent avoir été dûment informés de l 'ordre du jour de
l 'assemblée, celle—ci peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

Tous les associés sont en droit de participer et de prendre la parole a
toute assemblée générale.

Sont réputés présents pour le calcul du quorum et de la majorité, les
associés qui participent à l’assemblée par visioconférence ou par des
moyens de télécommunication permettant leur identification. Pour
l’application de cet alinéa, un associé ou son mandataire devra toutefois
être physiquement présent au siège de la société.

Un associé peut désigner par écrit, transmis par tout moyen de
communication permettant la transmission d'un texte écrit, un mandataire
qui n'a pas besoin d'être lui—même associé.

Tout associé peut également voter par correspondance, au moyen
d’un formulaire daté et signé remis en original préalablement à
l’Assemblée. Les formulaires dans lesquels ne seraient mentionnés ni le
sens d’un vote ni l’abstention sont nuls.

En outre, si la Société compte plusieurs associés, dans la limite de
soixante (60) associés, les décisions des associés peuvent être prises par
écrit, à l’exception des décisions relatives aux modifications des statuts.

Les résolutions écrites peuvent être constatées dans un seul ou
plusieurs documents ayant le même contenu, signés par un ou plusieurs
associés.

Les gérants peuvent suspendre les droits de vote de tout associé qui
est en defaut de remplir les obligations lui incombant en vertu des statuts
ou de son acte de souscription ou d’engagement.

Il est également permis a tout associé, à titre personnel de s ’engager

à ne pas exercer temporairement ou de'finitivement tout ou partie de ses

34


droits de vote. Une telle renonciation lie l ’associé renonçant et s ’impose à
la société dès sa notiﬁcation à cette dernière.

Lors de toute assemblée générale autre qu'une assemblée générale
convoquée en vue de la modiﬁcation des Statuts ou du vote de décisions
dont l'adoption est soumise aux conditions de quorum et de majorité
exigées pour une modification des Statuts, les résolutions seront adoptées
par les associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social.

Si cette majorité n'est pas atteinte sur première convocation, les
associés seront de nouveau convoqués et les résolutions seront prises à la
majorité simple, indépendamment du nombre de parts sociales
représentées.

Lors de toute assemblée générale convoquée en vue de la
modification des Statuts ou du vote de décisions dont l 'adoption est soumise
aux conditions de quorum et de majorité exigées pour une modiﬁcation des
Statuts, les résolutions seront adoptées par les associés représentant plus
de trois quarts (3/4) du capital social.

Article 24. Exercice social \

L'exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier et

s'achève le trente et un décembre de chaque année.

 

Article 25. Comptes sociaux)

A la clôture de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont arrêtés et les

 

gérant(s) dressent l 'inventaire des éléments de l 'actif et du passif le bilan
ainsi que le compte de résultats conformément aux Lois aﬁn de les
soumettre aux associé(s) pour approbation.

Tout associé ou son mandataire peut prendre connaissance des
documents comptables au siège social.

Si la Société compte plus de soixante (60) associés, ce droit ne pourra
être exercé que dans les quinze (15) jours calendaires qui précèdent

l 'assemblée générale annuelle.

Article 26. Réserve légale

35


L'excédent favorable du compte de résultats, après déduction des
frais généraux, couts, amortissements, charges et provisions constitue le
bénéﬁce net.

Sur le bénéﬁce net, il sera prélevé au moins cinq pour cent (5%) qui
seront aﬁectés, chaque année, a la réserve légale («la Réserve Légale»)
dans le respect de l 'article 710—23 de la loi du 10 aout 1915 concernant les
sociétés commerciales (telle que modifiée).

Cette affectation à la Réserve Légale cessera d'être obligatoire

lorsque et aussi longtemps que la Réserve Légale atteindra dix pour cent

(10%) du capital social.
Article 27. Aftectations des bénéttces

Après aﬁectation a la Réserve Légale, les associé(s) décident de
l 'aﬁectation du solde du béneﬁce net par versement de la totalité ou d'une
partie du solde a un compte de réserve ou de provision, en le reportant a
nouveau ou en le distribuant avec les bénéﬁces reportés, les réserves
distribuables ou la prime d'émission aux associé(s), chaque part sociale

donnant droit a une même proportion dans ces distributions.

Article 28. Dissolution et liquidation

La Société peut être dissoute par une décision de la moitié (1/2) des
associé(s) détenant les trois quarts (3/4) du capital social et délibérant
comme en matière de modiﬁcation de Statuts.

Au moment de la dissolution, la liquidation sera assurée par un ou
plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non, nommés par les associé(s) qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et rémunérations.

Un associé unique peut décider de dissoudre la Société et de
procéder à sa liquidation en prenant personnellement à sa charge tous les
actifs et passifs, connus et inconnus, de la Société.

Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, y
compris les ﬁ'ais de liquidation, le produit net de liquidation sera réparti

entre les associé(s).

36


Les liquidateur(s) peuvent procéder à la distribution d'acomptes sur
produit de liquidation sous réserve de provisions suﬂisantes pour payer les

dettes impayées a la date de la distribution.

Article 29. Dispositions [males

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les Statuts seront

 

 

réglées conformément aux Lois, en particulier a la loi du 10 aout 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales (telle que modifiée).

En cas de divergence entre la version anglaise et la version française
de ce document, la version anglaise sera prépondérante. »

Dispositions transitoires

Le premier exercice social au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg débute à

la date de ce jour pour ﬁnir le 31 décembre 2018.
W

L’Associé accepte la démission de Dr. Christa BURSCHOWSKY,
Mme Marta DE SAAVEDRA et Mme Dianeth M. DE OSPINO de leurs
fonctions d’administrateurs de la Société et décident de leur donner
décharge pleine et entière pour l'exécution de leur mandat jusqu'à ce jour.

DIXIEME RESOLUTION

L’Associé décide de nommer comme gérants de la Société pour une
durée illimitée :

1. Monsieur J an Arie DEKKER, administrateur de sociétés, né
le 19 mars 1948 à Gravenhage (Pays-Bas), demeurant professionnellement à
Van Merlenlaan, 25, NL-210l GC Heemstede ;

2. Monsieur Charles DURO, avocat à la cour, né le 6 juin 1958 à
Luxembourg, demeurant professionnellement au 3, rue de la Chapelle, L-
1325 Luxembourg ; et

3. Madame Karine MASTINU, avocat à la cour, née le 7 mai 1975 à
Villerupt (France), demeurant professionnellement au 3, rue de la Chapelle,
L-1325 Luxembourg.

w

37


L’Associé décide d'autoriser tout porteur d'une copie conforme du
présent acte de transfert de siège, délivrée par un notaire luxembourgeois, à
accomplir tous actes qui seront nécessaires pour réaliser le transfert du siège
social de la Société au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et en particulier
accomplir tant au Panama qu'au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg les formalités
y relatives requises par les autorités publiques ou privées, banques et autres

instances.

FRAIS

 

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges sous quelque forme que
ce soit, incombant à la Société et mis à sa charge en raison des présentes,
sont évalués approximativement sans nul préjudice à la somme de EUR
2.500.

DÉCLARATION

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate qu'à la
demande du comparant, le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise suivi
d'une traduction en français. Sur demande du même comparant et en cas de
divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français, la version anglaise
prévaudra.

DONT ACTE, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des
présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire du
comparant, connu du notaire par nom, prénom, état et demeure, il a signé

avec Nous, notaire, le présent acte.

(signé) Charles DURO — Blanche MOUTRIER

Enregistré à Esch/Alzette Actes Civils, le 20 Décembre 2018
Relation: EAC/2018/32843

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur (signé) Tania SCHMITT

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

délivrée à des ﬁns administratives.

Esch-sur—Alzette, le 28 Décembre 2018

38


