Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230564

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.54
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Spreeturm AcquiCo II S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée
Siège social :

L-151 1 Luxembourg,

121, Avenue de la faïencerie,

N UMERO 7093

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 04 DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fourth Day of December.

Before Us, Me Karine REUTER, notary, residing at Luxembourg (Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg);

THERE APPEARED:

N A S Invest GmbH, a private limited company, having its registered ofﬁce
in Grolmanstrasse 30-31, 10623 Berlin, Germany, registered with the German
Trade and Companies’ Register under number HRB 1593 73 B,

here represented by Mr Damien BARBOSA, employee, with professional
address in Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy given under private seal.

The said proxy, after having been signed "ne varietur" by the proxyholder of
the appearing party and the undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the
present deed for the purpose of registration.

Such appearing party, represented as stated here-above, has requested the
undersigned notary, to state as follows the articles of association of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which is hereby
incorporated:

I. NAME -REGISTERED OFFICE- OBJECT- DURATION

1. NAME

There is formed a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
limitée) under the name "Spreeturm AcquiCo II S.à r.l." (hereafter the
Company), which will be governed by the laws of the Grand-Duchy of
Luxembourg, in particular by the law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial
companies, as amended (hereafter the Law), as well as by the present articles of
association (hereafter the Articles).

2. REGISTERED OFFICE

2.1 The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established in Luxembourg-City.

It may be transferred to any other place of the municipality of Luxembourg-
City or to any other municipality in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg by a
resolution of the sole manager of the Company (the "Sole Manager"), or in the
case of plurality of managers, of the board of managers (the "Board of
Managers"), which shall be entitled to subsequently amend these Articles
accordingly.


2.2 Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand-Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the Sole Manager or of the Board
of Managers.

2.3 Where the board of managers of the Company determines that
extraordinary political, military, economic or social developments have occurred
or are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the Company
at its registered ofﬁce, or with the ease of communication between such ofﬁce
and persons abroad, as determined by the management of the Company, the
registered ofﬁce may be temporally transferred abroad until the complete
cessation of these abnormal circumstances. Such temporary measures shall have
no effect on the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the
temporary transfer of its registered ofﬁce, will remain a Luxembourg
incorporated company.

3. OBJECT

3.1 The object of the Company is the acquisition of participations, in
Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in any form whatsoever
and the management of such participations. The Company may in particular
acquire by subscription, purchase, and exchange or in any other manner any
stock, shares and other participation securities, bonds, debentures, certiﬁcates of
deposit and other debt instruments and more generally any securities and
ﬁnancial instruments issued by any public or private entity whatsoever. It may
participate in the creation, development, management and control of any
company or enterprise. The Company shall be considered as a "Société de
Participations Financières" according to the applicable provisions

3.2 The Company may carry out any commercial, industrial or ﬁnancial

operations, any transactions in respect of real estate or moveable property,
which the Company may deem useful to the accomplishment of its purposes.

3.3 The Company may use its funds for the creation, management,
development and the disposal of a portfolio comprising all types of transferable
securities or patents of whatever origin, take part in the creation, development
and control of all enterprises, acquire all securities and patents, either by way
of contribution, subscription, purchase or otherwise, option, as well as realize
them by sale, transfer, exchange or otherwise.

3.4 The Company may borrow in any form except by way of public offer. It
may issue by way of private placement only, notes, bonds and debentures and
any kind of debt and/or equity securities. The Company may lend funds
including, without limitation, the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of
debt securities to its subsidiaries, afﬁliated companies and/or to any other
company (including its partners). It may also give guarantees and pledge,
transfer, encumber or otherwise create and grant security over all or over some
of its assets to guarantee its own obligations and undertakings and/or obligations
and undertakings of any other company and, generally, for its own beneﬁt and/ or
the beneﬁt of any other company or person (including its partners).


3.5 It may further invest in the acquisition and management of a portfolio of
patents or other intellectual property rights of any nature or origin whatsoever.

3.6 The Company may also carry out its business through branches in the
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad.

3.7 The Company may also proceed with the acquisition, management,
development, sale and rental of any real estate, whether fumished or not, and in
general, carry out all real estate operations with the exception of those reserved
to a dealer in real estate. It may also carry out all operations concerning the
placement and management of its liquid assets.

3.8 In general, the Company may carry out any patrimonial, movable,
immovable, commercial, industrial or ﬁnancial activity as well as all transactions
that aim to promote and facilitate directly or indirectly the accomplishment and
development of its purpose.

4. DURATION

4.1 The Company is funded for an unlimited period of time.

4.2 The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death, suspension
of civil rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event affecting
one or several of the shareholders.

II. CAPITAL - SHARES

5. CAPITAL

5.1 The Company's corporate capital is ﬁxed at twelve thousand Euros (EUR
12,000) represented by twelve thousand (12,000) shares with a nominal value
of one Euro (EUR 1) each, all subscribed and fully paid-up.

5.2 In addition to the share capital, the Company may set up a share premium
account or an assimilated premium account (compte 115 "Apport en capitaux
propres non rémunéré par des titres"). Subject to the provisions of the Law and
the Articles, the board of managers is authorized to use the amount held in any
such premium and/or assimilated premium account and/or other distributable
reserves to make distributions to the shareholders, allocate funds to the legal
reserve, repurchase its shares or offset any net realized losses.

5.3 The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced in one or
several times by a resolution of the single shareholder or, as the case may be, by
the general meeting of shareholders, adopted in the manner required for the
amendment of the Articles.

5.4 The Company may have one or more shareholders with a maximum of
one hundred (100) shareholders. If the number of shareholders exceeds that limit
for whatever reason, the Company shall be converted into another legal fond
within one (1) year from the date on which that limit was exceeded.

6. SHARES

6.1 The shares of the Company will be in the fond of registered shares only.

6.2 Ownership of a share carries implicit acceptance of the Articles and the
resolutions adopted by the shareholders.


6.3 The rights and obligations attached to the shares shall be identical except
to the extent otherwise provided by the Articles or by the Law.

6.4 Each share entitles the holder to a fraction of the corporate assets and
proﬁts of the Company in direct proportion to the number of shares in existence.

6.5 The Company may redeem its own shares within the limits set forth by
the Law. The board of managers of the Company may hold shares in treasury
and is empowered and authorized to cancel such treasury shares, decide on a
corresponding share capital decrease and amend the Articles accordingly.

7. REGISTER OF SHARES -TRANSFER OF SHARES

7.1 A register of shares will be kept at the registered ofﬁce of the Company
in accordance with the provisions of the Law and may be examined by any
shareholder upon request.

7.2 Towards the Company, the Company's shares are indivisible, since only
one owner is admitted per share. Joint co-owners have to appoint a sole person
as their representative towards the Company and the Company is authorized to
suspend the exercise of the rights on such shares pending the appointment of a
representative.

7.3 Shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

7.4 Inter vivos the transfer of shares to non-shareholders is subject to the
prior approval given by shareholders representing at least half (1/2) of the shares
of the Company.

7.5 A shareholder intending to transfer one or more shares to a non-
shareholder shall send to the Company a notice of transfer containing all
relevant details of the proposed transfer, including at least the identity of the
transferee, the number of concerned shares, the transfer price and, if relevant,
the conditions applicable to the transfer.

7.6 Should the proposed transfer not be approved by the shareholders of the
Company in accordance with article 7.4, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of the refusal acquire the share(s) on an equal basis (unless
otherwise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the share (s), at a
price determined in accordance with article 7.8, except if the transferring
shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the board of
managers, the period of three (3) months can be extended by the president of the
Chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters
and sitting as in summary proceedings, it being understood that such extension
shall not exceed six (6) months.

7.7 Should the shareholders not propose to acquire the shares, the Company
may, within the same timeframe and with the consent of the transferring
shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an amount corresponding to
the aggregate nominal value of the relevant share(s) and (ii) repurchase and
cancel such share(s) at a price determined in accordance with article 7.8.


7.8 For the purposes of articles 7.6 and 7.7, the transfer price or repurchase
price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as determined in
good faith by the board of managers.

7.9 Should, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, the existing
shareholders not have acquired or the Company not have repurchased the
share(s), the transferring shareholder may freely sell his share(s) to the proposed
new shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notiﬁed to
the Company in terms of article

7.10A share transfer will only be binding upon the Company or third parties
following a notiﬁcation to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the civil code.

7.1 lIn the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may only be
transferred to a new shareholder (s) subject to the approval of such transfer given
by the remaining shareholders holding at least half (1/2) of the shares owned by
the remaining shareholders. However, such approval is not required in case the
shares are transferred either to parents, descendants or the surviving spouse or
any other legal heir of the deceased shareholder.

III. MANAGEMENT - REPRESENTATION

8. BOARD OF MANAGERS

8.1 The Company is managed by one or more managers who need not to be
shareholders and who may be physical person or legal entities. If several
managers have been appointed, they will collectively constitute a board of
managers.

8.2 The Company may be managed by a sole manager and it will assume all

powers conferred to the board of managers. In such case, in the Articles,
decisions taken, or powers exercised, by the board of managers shall be a
reference to decisions taken, or powers exercised, by the sole manager.
Decisions taken by the sole manager are documented by way of minutes.

8.3 The manager(s) will be appointed by a resolution of the shareholders
which sets the terms of their ofﬁce and may be re-elected. The shareholders shall
also determined the number of managers and their remuneration. The managers
may be removed or replaced ad nutum (i.e. at any time and without any duty
to show cause) by a decision of the shareholders representing more than half
(1/2) of the Company's share capital.

8.4 The shareholder(s) may decide to split the board of managers into two

(2) classes and appoint one or several Class A managers and one or several
Class B managers.

9. POWERS OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS

9.1 All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or the present Articles to
the general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of the single
manager or, if the Company is managed by more than one manager, the board of
managers, which shall have all powers to carry out and approve all acts and
operations consistent with the Company's object.


9.2 The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of
the Company with respect to such daily management may be delegated to one or
more managers, ofﬁcers or other agents, acting individually or jointly. Their
appointment, powers and removal shall be determined by a decision of the board
of managers.

9.3 The board of managers of the Company is also authorized to appoint a
person, either manager or not, for the purposes of performing speciﬁc functions
at every level within the Company. If the shareholder(s) have appointed one or
several class A managers and one or several class B managers, special and
limited powers may be delegated for speciﬁed matters to one or more persons,
whether shareholders or not, only by one class A manager acting jointly with
one class B manager.

10. MEETINGS

lO.lThe board of managers may appoint from among its members a
chairman, who shall preside at the meetings of the board of managers and of the
shareholders. It may also appoint a secretary, who need not be a manager and
who shall be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the board of
managers and of the shareholders. The chairman will preside at all meetings of
the board of managers and any general meeting of the shareholders of the
Company. In her/his absence, the general meeting or the other members of the
board of managers (as the case may be) will appoint another chairman pro
tempore who will preside at the relevant general meeting by simple majority vote
of the managers present or represented at such general meeting.

lO.2The board of managers shall meet as often as the Company's interests so
require or upon call of any manager at the place indicated in the convening
notice.

10.3Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers shall be given to
all managers at least 24 (twenty-four) hours in advance of the date set for such
meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature of such
circumstances shall be set forth in the convening notice of the meeting of the
board of managers.

lO.4The notice period may be waived by the consent in writing, whether in
original, by telegram, telex, facsimile, e-mail or any other similar means of
communication (a copy of such document being sufﬁcient evidence thereof), of
each member of the board of managers of the Company or if all the members of
the board of managers of the Company are present or represented at the meeting
and if they state to have been duly informed, and to have had full knowledge of
the agenda of the meeting. Prior notice shall not be required for a board meeting
to be held at a time and location determined in a prior resolution adopted by the
board of managers, which resolution has been communicated to all managers.

10.5Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing in writing, whether in original, by e-mail or any other similar means


of communication (a copy of such document being sufﬁcient evidence thereof)
another manager as his proxy.

10.6 Any manager may represent more than one manager attending by proxy
at a meeting of the board of managers, provided always that at least two (2)
managers who are either present in person or attend at such meeting by way of
any means of communication that complies with the requirements set forth in
article 10.8.

10.7 The Board can validly deliberate and act only if a majority of its
members is present or represented. Resolutions of the Board are validly taken by
a majority of the votes of the managers present or represented provided that, if
the shareholder(s) have appointed one or several Class A managers and one or
several Class B managers, at least one Class A manager and one Class B manager
(in each case, whether in person or by proxy) votes in favor of the resolution.

10.8 The resolutions of the board of managers will be recorded in minutes
signed by all the managers present at the meeting. Copies of extracts of the
minutes of the board of managers or of the circular resolutions of envisaged in
article 10.9, which may be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall
be signed by at least one member of the board of managers.

10.9 Any manager may participate in any meeting of the board of managers
by telephone or video conference call or by any other similar means of
communication allowing all the persons taking part in the meeting to hear and
speak to each other. The participation in a meeting by these means is deemed
equivalent to a participation in person at such meeting and meetings held in this
manner are deemed to be held at the registered office of the Company.

10.10 Circular resolutions signed by all the managers shall be valid and
binding in the same manner as if passed at a meeting duly convened and held.
Such signatures may appear on a single document or on multiple copies of an
identical resolution and such resolution when duly signed may be delivered or
transmitted (unless the board of managers shall othe1wise determined either
generally or in any specific case) in writing, whether in original, by e-mail or
any other similar means of communication (a copy of such document being
sufﬁcient evidence thereof). The date of such resolution shall be the date of the
last signature.

11. REPRESENTATION

11.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all circumstances
by the single signature of its sole manager or and by joint signature of two
managers or the sole signature of any person(s) to whom such signatory power
has been validly delegated by the board of managers within the limitations of
such delegation.

11.2 If the shareholder(s) have appointed one or several Class A managers
and one or several Class B managers, the Company will be bound towards third

parties by the joint signature of any Class A manager with any Class B manager.
12. CONFLICT OF INTEREST


12.1 Any manager of the Company who has a direct or indirect ﬁnancial
interest conﬂicting with the interest of the Company in any transaction falling
within the competence of the board of managers, must infolm the board of
managers of such conﬂict of interest and must have his declaration recorded in
the minutes of the meeting. The relevant manager may neither take part in the
discussions relating to such transaction nor vote on such transaction. Any such
conﬂict of interest shall be reported to the next general meeting of shareholders
prior to such meeting taking any decision on any other item.

12.2 Where the Company has a sole manager, any transaction between the
Company and its manager having an interest conﬂicting with the interest of the
Company shall speciﬁcally be recorded in the resolutions of the sole manager.

12.3 Where by reason of a conﬂicting interest, the number of managers
required for purposes of validly deliberating according to the Articles is not met;
the board of managers may decide to submit the relevant speciﬁc item to the
shareholders.

12.4 Decisions of the board of managers that fall within the scope of
day-to- day transactions carried out in the ordinary course of business of the
Company shall not be subject to the preceding paragraph of this article 12.

12.5 The managers assume, by reason of their mandate, no personal liability
in relation to any commitment validly made by them in the name of the
Company, provided such commitment is in compliance with these Articles as
well as the applicable provisions of the Law.

IV. GENERAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

13. POWERS AND FORM

13.1 Any regularly constituted general meeting or any valid written
resolutions, as applicable, shall represent the entire body of the shareholders of
the Company.

13.2 Depending on the number of shareholders, resolutions will be adopted
as follows:

13.2.1 If the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, resolutions
of the shareholders are adopted at general meetings.

13.2.2 If the Company has less than sixty (60) shareholders, decisions of
the shareholders may be validly taken by means of written resolutions, save for
amendments of the Articles. Decisions taken in the form of written resolutions
shall be adopted with the same majorities as required for general meetings of
shareholders. The full text of the resolutions to be adopted shall be sent to all the
shareholders and the shareholders shall cast their vote by signing the written
resolution. Signatures may appear on a single document or on multiple copies of
an identical resolution and such resolution when duly signed may be delivered
or transmitted (unless the board of managers shall otherwise determined either
generally or in any speciﬁc case) in writing, whether in original, by e-mail or
any other similar means of communication (a copy of such document being
sufﬁcient evidence thereof).


13.2.3 If the Company has a single shareholder, such shareholder shall
exercise all powers conferred by the Law and by the Articles to the general
meeting of shareholders. In such case, in the Articles, decisions taken, or powers
exercised, by the general meeting of shareholders shall be a reference to
decisions taken, or powers exercised, by the sole shareholder. Resolutions of the
sole shareholder shall be recorded in writing.

14. GENERAL MEETINGS

14.1 If the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least one

general meeting of shareholders must be held each year within six (6) months
following the end of the ﬁnancial year at the Company's registered ofﬁce or at
such other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be speciﬁed in the
convening notice. Other general meetings of the shareholders may be held at
such place, date and time as may be speciﬁed in the convening notices for the
general meetings. Should all shareholders be present or represented at a general
meeting and waive any convening requirements, the general meeting may be
held without prior notice.

14.2 Any shareholders may participate in a general meeting by telephone or
video conference call or by any other similar means of communication allowing
all the persons taking part in the meeting to hear and speak to each other. The
participation in a meeting by these means is deemed equivalent to a participation
in person at the general meeting, subject to such means of communication being
made available at the place of the meeting. In such a case, at least one (1)
shareholder or his proxy must be physically present at the registered ofﬁce of the
Company and the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the registered ofﬁce of
the Company.

14.3 The shareholder may vote at a general meeting by means of a
signed voting forms sent whether in original, by facsimile, e-mail or any other
similar means of communication. The shareholders may only use voting forms
provided by the Company which contain (1) the name and surname, address and
signature of the relevant shareholder, (2) an indication of the shares for which
the shareholder will exercise his voting right, (3) the agenda of the general
meeting as set forth in the convening notice and (4) the voting instructions
approval, refusal, abstention) for each point of the agenda. Voting forms which,
for a particular proposed resolution, do not indicate a vote in favor, against or an
abstention are void in relation to such resolution. The voting forms must be
received by the Company at least twenty-four (24) hours before the relevant
general meeting.

14.4 An attendance list indicating the name of each shareholder, the
number of shares held and, if applicable, the name of the shareholder's
representative must be kept at all general meetings of the shareholders.

14.5 The general meeting may deliberate and vote only on the items included
on the agenda. Voting takes place by a show of hands or by a roll call, unless the
general meeting resolves to adopt another voting procedure.


14.6 The general meeting of shareholders shall be signed by the
chairman, the secretary and the scrutineer of the general meeting and may be
signed by any shareholders or proxies of shareholders, who so request.

l4.7Copies of extract of these minutes or any written resolutions in case of
consultation to be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise shall be signed
by at least one of the board of managers.

14.8The board of managers' minutes may determined all other conditions that
must be fulﬁlled in order to take part in a general meeting of the shareholders.

15. VOTING RIGHTS, QUORUM AND MAJORITY

15.1Each share is entitled to one vote at the general meetings of shareholders,
subject to the limitations imposed by the Law or the Articles.

15.2The board of manager of the Company may suspend the voting rights of
any shareholder in breach of his obligations by Virtue of the Articles or any
subscription or undertaking document.

15 .3A shareholder may undertake not to exercise, temporarily or permanently
and in full or in part, his voting rights. Such a waiver is binding vis-a-vis the
renouncing shareholder and vis-a-vis the Company upon notiﬁcation.

15.4Where Art 15.2 or article 15.3 applies, the concerned shareholder(s) will
be convened and may attend all general meetings of shareholders but their shares
shall not be taken into account for determining the quorum and majority rules.

15 .5Except as otherwise required by the Law or the Articles, decisions are
only validly taken insofar as they adopted by shareholders owning more than
half (1/2) of the share capital. If the required quorum is not reached at the ﬁrst
general meeting or proposed written resolutions, the shareholders may be
convened or consulted for a second time by registered letter with the same
agenda and decisions will be validly adopted by a majority of the votes cast,
regardless of the percentage of share capital represented.

15.6Resolutions to amend the Articles or to change the nationality of the
Company and resolutions the adoption of which is subject pursuant to the Law
or the Articles to the quorum and majority required to amend the Articles, may
only be adopted by shareholders owning at least three quarters (3/4) of the
Company's share capital.

V. FINANCIAL YEAR - ANNUAL ACCOUNTS - ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS

16. FINANCIAL YEAR

l6.lThe ﬁnancial year of the Company shall begin on the ﬁrst of January of
each year and end on the thirty-ﬁrst of December of the same year.

17. ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

l7.lAt the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the single
manager or, as the case may be, the board of managers must prepare the balance
sheet and the proﬁt and loss accounts of the Company as well as an inventory
including an indication of the value of the Company's assets and liabilities, with
an annex summarizing all the Company's commitments and the debts of the

10


managers, the statutory auditor(s) (if any) and shareholders towards the
Company.

17.2Bach shareholder may inspect the above inventory and balance sheet at
the Company's registered ofﬁce.

18. ALLOCATION OF PROFITS

18.1The gross proﬁts of the Company stated in the annual accounts, after
deduction of general expenses, amortization and expenses represent the net
proﬁt. An amount equal to ﬁve percent (5%) of the net proﬁts of the Company
is allocated to the statutory reserve, until this reserve amounts to ten per cent
(10%) of the Company's nominal share capital.

18.21n case of a share capital reduction, the legal reserve of the Company may
be reduced proportionally so that it does not exceed ten per cent (10%) of the
Company's nominal share capital.

18.3Upon recommendation from the single manager or as the case may be,
the board of managers, the general meeting of shareholders has discretionary
power to dispose of the surplus. It may in particular allocate such proﬁt to the
payment of a dividend or transfer it to the reserve or carry it forward.

18.4Dividends, when payable, will be distributed at the time and place ﬁxed
by the board of managers in accordance with the resolutions of the shareholders.
Dividends may be paid in euro or any other currency selected by the board of
managers.

18.5 The board of managers may decide to pay interim dividends ("acomptes
sur dividendes") subject to the provisions of the Law.

18.6The shareholders may decide to pay interim dividends on the basis of
statements of accounts prepared by the managers showing that sufﬁcient funds
are available for distribution, it being understood that the amount to be
distributed may not exceed proﬁts realized either since the end of the last ﬁscal
year increased by proﬁts carried forward and distributable reserves, including
share premium, but decreased by losses carried forward or, where the
distribution is to be made during the ﬁrst ﬁnancial year of the Company, since
the date of incorporation of the Company but, in either case, decreased by sums

to be allocated to a reserve to be established by law or by these Articles.
VI. AUDIT

19. AUDITORS

l9.lIF there are more than sixty (60) shareholders, the operations of the
Company shall be supervised by one or more statutory auditors
("commissaire(s)") or by one or more independent auditors ("réviseur(s)
d'entreprises agréé(s)"), as applicable. Where the Company voluntarily appoints
an independent auditor, it needs not to appoint a statutory auditor.

19.2A statutory auditor may be removed by the general meeting of
shareholders at any time, without notice and with or without cause.

19.3An independent auditor may only be removed by the general meeting of
shareholders for cause or with his approval.

11


VII. DISSOLUTION -LIQUIDATION

20. DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

20.11n the event of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation will be carried
out by one or several liquidators, who do not need to be shareholders, appointed
by a resolution of the single shareholder or the general meeting of shareholders
which will determined their powers and remuneration. Unless otherwise
provided for in the resolution of the shareholder(s) or by law, the liquidators
shall be invested with the broadest powers for the realization of the assets and
payments of the liabilities of the Company.

20.2The surplus resulting from the realization of the assets and the payment
of the liabilities of the Company shall be paid to the shareholder or, in the case
of a plurality of shareholders, the shareholders in proportion to the shares held
by each shareholder in the Company.

VII. GENERAL PROVISION

21. GENERAL PROVISION

Reference is made to the provisions of the Law for all matters for which no
speciﬁc provision is made in these Articles.

TRAN SITORY PROVISION

The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year shall begin on the date of this deed and shall end on
31 December 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION-PAYMEN T

Thereupon, N A S Invest GmbH, pre-named and represented as stated above,
declares to subscribe to twelve thousand (12,000) shares with a nominal value
of one Euro (EUR 1) each, and to fully pay them up by way of a contribution in
cash amounting to twelve thousand Euros (EUR 12,000).

The amount of twelve thousand Euros (EUR 12,000) is at the disposal of the
Company, as has been proved to the undersigned notary, who expressly
acknowledges it.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLESHAREHOLDER

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, the sole shareholder of
the Company, representing the entirety of the subscribed share capital and
exercising the powers devolved by the law to the shareholders' meeting, has
passed the following resolutions:

1. Are appointed as managers of the Company for an indeﬁnite period:

- Mrs. Yasmina Bekouassa, born on 17 October 1987 in Metz, France and
residing professionally in 121 avenue de la Fa'i'encerie, L-1511 Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ;

- Mr Laurent Kind, born on 28 November 1971 in Luxemburg,
Luxemburg and residing professionally at 121, avenue de la Fa'i'encerie L-1511
Luxembourg.

2. The registered ofﬁce of a Company is set at 121, avenue de la Fa'i'encerie
L-151 1 Luxembourg.

12


COSTS

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will have
to be borne by the Company as a result of its incorporation are estimated at

 

approximately one thousand two hundred Euros (EUR l,200.-).
DECLARATION

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states herewith
that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is worded in
English followed by a French version and in case of divergences between the
English and the French text, the English version will prevail.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day named
at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing party,
said proxyholder signed together with Us, the notary, the present deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANQAISE DU TEXTE OUI PRECEDE :

L'an deux mil dix-huit, le quatre décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Karine REUTER, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg;

A COMPARU:

N A S Invest GmbH, une société à responsabilité limitée de droit allemand,
ayant son siège social à Grolmanstrasse 30-31, 10623 Berlin, Allemagne,
enregistrée au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés d’Allemagne sous le
numéro HRB 159373 B,

ici représentée par Monsieur Damien BARBOSA, employée, demeurant
professionnellement à Luxembourg, en vertu d'une procuration sous seing privé.

Laquelle procuration restera, après avoir été signée << ne varietur >> par la
mandataire de la partie comparante et le notaire instrumentant, annexée au
présent acte pour les besoins de l'enregistrement.

Laquelle partie comparante, représentée comme indiqué ci-avant, a requis le
notaire instrumentant de dresser acte d'une société à responsabilité limitée dont
elle a attesté les statuts comme suit :

I. FORME ET DEN OMINATION - SIEGE SOCIAL - OBJET SOCIAL
- DUREE

1. FORME ET DEN OMINATION

Il est établi une société à responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination
"Spreeturm AcquiCo II S.à. r.l." (la Société), qui sera régie par les lois du
Luxembourg, en particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (la Loi) et par les présents statuts (les Statuts).

2. SIEGE SOCIAL

2.1 Le siège social est établi à Luxembourg-Ville, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Il pourra être transféré en tout autre lieu au sein de la municipalité
de Luxembourg-Ville ou dans toute autre municipalité du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, par une résolution du gérant unique ou du collège de gérance, qui
procédera àla modiﬁcation des Statuts en conséquence.

13


2.2 Des succursales, ﬁliales ou d'autres bureaux pourront être établis tant au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger par résolutions du gérant unique ou
du collège de gérance de la société.

2.3 Si le collège de gérance de la Société conclut que des événements
extraordinaires d'ordre politique, militaire, économique ou social, ont eu lieu ou
sont imminents et que ces événements sont de nature à compromettre l'activité
normale de la Société à son siège social, ou la facilité de communication entre
ce siège et les personnes à l'étranger, le siège social pourra être transféré
provisoirement à l'étranger jusqu'à cessation complète de ces circonstances
anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n'auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de la
Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du siège social, restera une
société de droit luxembourgeois.

3. OBJET SOCIAL

3.1 La Société a pour objet la prise de participation, tant au Luxembourg qu'à
l'étranger, dans toutes les sociétés ou entreprises sous quelque forme que ce soit
et la gestion de ces sociétés ou entreprises ou participations. La Société pourra
en particulier acquérir par souscription, achat, et échange ou de toute autre
manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de participation, obligations,
créances, certiﬁcats de dépôt et autres instruments de dette et en général toutes
valeurs ou instruments ﬁnanciers émis par toute entité publique ou privée. Elle
pourra participer dans la création, le développement, la gestion et le contrôle de
toute société ou entreprise. La Société sera considérée comme une << Société de
Participations Financières >> selon les mesures en vigueur.

3.2 La Société pourra accomplir toutes opérations commerciales, ﬁnancières
ou industrielles, ainsi que toutes transactions se rapportant à la propriété
immobilière ou mobilière, qui directement ou indirectement favorisent ou se
rapportent à la réalisation de son objet social.

3.3 Elle pourra employer ses fonds à la création, à la gestion, la mise en
valeur et à la cession d'un portefeuille se composant de tous titres et brevets de
toute origine, participer à la création, au développement et au contrôle de toute
entreprises, acquérir par voie d'apport, de souscription, de prise felme ou
d'option d'achat et de toute autre manière, tous titres et brevet, option, les réaliser
par voie de vente, de cession, d'échange ou autrement.

3.4 La Société pourra emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit et émettre
des titres représentatifs d'emprunt ou de créances, des obligations et / ou tout
type de dette. Toutefois, elle ne peut pas lever de capitaux publics sous quelque
forme que ce soit. La Société pourra prêter des fonds, y compris, sans limitation,
ceux résultant des emprunts et/ou des émissions d'obligations ou de valeurs, à
ses ﬁliales, sociétés afﬁliées et/ou toute autre société ou personne qui peuvent
être associées ou non de la Société, dans la limite de ce qui est permis par la loi
luxembourgeoise. La Société pourra aussi donner des garanties et nantir,
transférer, grever ou créer de toute autre manière et accorder des sûretés sur
toutes ou partie de ses actifs aﬁn de garantir ses propres obligations et

14


engagements et/ou obligations et engagements de toute autre société ou personne
qui peuvent être associées ou non de la Société, et, de manière générale, en sa
faveur et/ou en faveur de toute autre société ou personne qui peuvent être
associés ou non de la Société.

3.5 Elle pourra en outre investir dans l'acquisition et la gestion d'un
p01iefeuille de brevets ou d'autres droits de propriété intellectuelle de quelque
nature ou origine que ce soit.

3.6 La société peut également réaliser son activité par l'intermédiaire de
succursales au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou à l'étranger.

3.7 La société pourra également procéder à l'acquisition, la gestion,
l'exploitation, la vente ou la location de tous immeubles, meublés ou non
meublés et généralement faire toutes opérations immobilières à l'exception de
celles de marchands de biens. Elle pourra aussi placer et gérer ses liquidités.

3.8 La Société peut, d'une manière générale, employer toutes techniques et
instruments liés à des investissements en vue d'une gestion efﬁcace, y compris
des techniques et instruments destinés à la protéger contre les créanciers,
ﬂuctuations monétaires, ﬂuctuations de taux d'intérêt et autres risques.

4. DURÉE

4.1 La société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

4.2 La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de l'interdiction, de
l'incapacité, de l'insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre événement similaire
affectant un ou plusieurs associés.

II. CAPITAL - PARTS SOCIALES

5. CAPITAL

5.1 Le capital de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille euros (EUR 12.000),
représenté par douze mille (12.000) parts sociales d'une valeur d'un euro (EUR
1) chacune, toutes souscrites et entièrement libérées.

5.2 Outre le capital social, la Société peut constituer un compte de primes
d'émission et/ou un compte de primes assimilées (compte 115 "Apport en
capitaux propres non rémunérés par titres"). Le collège de gérance est autorisé,
en conformité avec la Loi et les Statuts, à utiliser le montant détenu dans un tel
compte de primes et/ou de primes assimilées et/ou d'autres réserves distribuables
pour procéder à des distributions aux associés, allouer des fonds à la réserve
légale, racheter ses parts sociales ou compenser des pertes réalisées.

5.3 Le capital de la Société peut être augmenté ou diminué en une ou
plusieurs fois par résolution de l'associé unique ou des associés adoptée de la
manière requise pour la modiﬁcation des Statuts.

5.4 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés avec un maximum de cent
(100) associés. Si le nombre d'associés excède cette limite pour n'importe quelle
raison, la Société sera convertie en une autre forme juridique dans un délai d'un

(1) an à compter de la date à laquelle cette limite a été dépassée.
6. PARTS SOCIALES

15


6.1 Les parts sociales de la Société sont uniquement sous folme de parts
sociales nominatives.

6.2 La propriété d'une part sociale suppose l'acceptation implicite des Statuts
et des résolutions adoptées par les associés.

6.3 Les droits et obligations attachés à ces parts sociales doivent être
identiques, sauf dans la mesure prévue par les Statuts ou par la Loi.

6.4 Chaque part confère au détenteur une fraction des actifs et des bénéﬁces
de la Société proportionnellement au nombre de part sociales existantes.

6.5 La Société peut procéder au rachat de ses propres parts sociales dans les
limites prévues par la Loi. Le collège de gérance de la Société peut détenir des
parts en trésorerie et est habilité et autorisé à annuler lesdites parts, à statuer sur
une diminution de capital équivalente, et à modiﬁer les Statuts en conséquence.

7. REGISTRE DES PARTS SOCIALES - TRANSFERT DE PARTS
SOCIALES

7.1 Un registre des parts sociales sera conservé au siège social de la société
en accord avec la Loi et tout associé peut en prendre connaissance sur demande.

7.2 Vis-à-vis de la Société, les parts sociales de la Société sont indivisibles,
étant donné qu'un seul propriétaire est admis par pmi sociale. Les
copropriétaires doivent désigner une seule personne à titre de représentant auprès
de la Société et la Société est autorisée à suspendre l'exercice des droits sur ces
parts sociales en attendant la nomination d'un représentant.

7.3 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

7.4 Inter vivos, le transfert de parts sociales à un non-associé doit faire
l'objet d'une approbation des associés représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) des
parts sociales de la Société.

7.5 Un associé qui souhaite transférer une ou plusieurs parts sociales à un
non-associé doit envoyer à la Société, une notiﬁcation de transfert contenant
toutes les informations concernant ce transfert, comprenant au moins l'identité
du cessionnaire, le nombre de parts concernés, le prix du transfert, et, suivant
leur pertinence, les conditions applicables audit transfert.

7.6 Si le transfert proposé n'est pas approuvé par les associés de la Société
conformément à l'article 7.4, les associés peuvent, dans un délai de trois (3) mois
à compter de la date du reﬁls, acquérir la ou les parts sociales sur la base du
traitement égal (sauf convention contraire) ou procéder à l'acquisition de part(s),
à un prix déterminé conformément à l'article 7.8, sauf si l'associé cédant renonce
au transfeli. Sur requête du collège de gérance, le délai de trois (3) mois peut
être prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d'arrondissement
de Luxembourg siégeant en matière commerciales et en matière de référé, sans
que cette prorogation puisse excéder six (6) mois.

7.7 Si les associés ne proposent pas d'acquérir les parts sociales, la Société
peut, dans le même délai et avec le consentement de l'associé cédant, décider (i)
de réduire son capital du montant correspondant à la valeur nominale totale du

16


ou des parts sociales concernées et (ii) racheter et annuler cette ou ces parts
sociales à un prix déterminé conformément à l'article 7.8.

7.8 Aux ﬁns des articles 7.6 et 7.7, le prix de cession ou de rachat doit
correspondre à la juste valeur marchande des parts sociales telle que détermine
de bonne foi par le collège de gérance.

7.9 Si, après l'expiration dela période précitée, les associés existants n'ont
pas acquis ou la Société n'a pas racheté les parts sociales, l'associé cédant peut
vendre librement ses parts sociales au nouvel ou nouveaux associés au prix de
transfeli et aux conditions qui ont été notiﬁés à la Société en vertu de l'article
7.5.

7.lOUn transfert de parts sociales ne lie la Société ou les tiers qu'après
notiﬁcation àla Société ou acceptation par celle-ci conformément à l'article 1690
du Code civil.

7.llEn cas de décès, les parts sociales de l'associé décédé ne peuvent être
transférées au nouvel ou nouveau(x) associé(s) qu'après l'approbation de ce
transfert donnée par les associés restants détenant au moins la moitié (l/2) des
parts sociales détenus par les associés restants. Toutefois, cette approbation n'est
pas requise au cas où les parts sociales seraient transmises aux héritiers
réservataires ou au conjoint ou partenaire survivant ou aux autres héritiers
légaux de l'associé décédé.

III. GESTION -REPRESENTATION

8. GÉRANT(S)

8.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants qui n'ont pas besoin d'être
associés et qui peuvent être des personnes physiques ou morales. Si plusieurs
gérants ont été nommés, ils constitueront collectivement un collège de gérance.

8.2 La Société peut être gérée par un gérant unique et il assume tous les
pouvoirs conférés au collège de gérance. Dans ce cas, dans les Statuts, les
décisions prises ou les pouvoirs exercés par le conseil de gérance feront
référence aux décisions prises ou aux pouvoirs exercés par le gérant unique. Les
décisions prises par le gérant unique sont consignées dans un procès-verbal.

8.3 Le ou les gérants seront nommés par une résolution des associés qui
fixera la durée de leur mandat et pourront être réélu. Les associés déterminent
également le nombre de gérants et leur rémunération. Les gérants peuvent être
révoqués ou remplacés ad nutum (c'est-à-dire à tout moment et sans cause) par
décision des associés représentant plus de la moitié (l/2) du capital social de la
Société.

8.4 Le ou les associés peuvent décider de scinder le collège de gérance en
deux (2) catégories et de nommer un ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie A et un
ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie B.

9. POUVOIRS

9.1 Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi ou les Statuts
aux associés relèvent de la compétence du collège de gérance, qui aura tous

17


pouvoirs pour exécuter et approuver tous actes et opérations qui entrent dans
l'objet de la Société.

9.2 La gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la
Société dans le cadre de cette gestion journalière peuvent être déléguées à un ou
plusieurs gérants, dirigeants ou autres mandataires, agissant individuellement ou
conjointement. Leur nomination, leurs pouvoirs et leur révocation sont ﬁxés par
décision du collège de gérance.

9.3 Le collège de gérance de la Société est également autorisé à nommer une
personne, gérant ou non, aux ﬁns d'exercer des fonctions spéciﬁques à tous les
niveaux de la Société. Si le ou les associés ont nommé un ou plusieurs gérants
de catégorie A et un ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie B, des pouvoirs spéciaux
et limités peuvent être délégués pour des questions déterminées à une ou
plusieurs personnes, associés ou non, uniquement par un gérant de catégorie A
agissant conjointement avec un gérant de catégorie B.

10. REUNIONS

lO.lLe collège de gérance peut nommer parmi ses membres un président qui
préside les réunions du collège de gérance et des associés. Il peut également
désigner un secrétaire, qui n'a pas besoin d'être gérant et qui est responsable de
la tenue des procès- verbaux des réunions du collège de gérance et des associés.
Le président présidera toutes les réunions du collège de gérance et toute
assemblée générale des associés de la Société. En son absence, l'assemblée
générale ou les autres membres du collège de gérance (selon le cas) nommeront
un autre président pro tempore qui présidera la dite assemblée à la majorité
simple des gérants présents ou représentés à cette assemblée.

lO.2Le collège de gérance se réunit aussi souvent que les intérêts de la Société
l'exigent ou sur convocation du président ou de tout gérant. Toutes les réunions
du collège de gérance se tiennent au siège social de la Société, sauf indication
contraire mentionnée dans l'avis de convocation.

lO.3L'avis écrit de toute réunion du collège de gérance doit être domlé à tous
les gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures avant la date ﬁxée pour cette
réunion, sauf en cas d'urgence, auquel cas la nature de ces circonstances est ﬁxée
dans l'avis de convocation de l'assemblée du collège de gérance.

10.411 peut être renoncé au délai de convocation par consentement écrit, soit
en original, par télécopieur, par courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de
communication similaire (une copie de ce document en étant une preuve
sufﬁsante), de chaque membre du collège de gérance de la Société ou si tous les
membres du collège de gérance sont présents ou représentés àla réunion et s'ils
déclarent avoir été dûment informés et avoir pleinement connaissance de l'ordre
du jour de la réunion. Un avis préalable ne sera pas requis pour une réunion du
collège à tenir un jour et à un lieu déterminé dans une résolution préalable
adoptée par le collège de gérance dont la résolution a été communiquée à tous
les gérants.

18


10.5 Tout gérant peut agir à toute réunion du collège de gérance en désignant
par écrit, soit en original, par télécopieur, courrier électronique ou tout autre
moyen de communication similaire (une copie de ce document en étant une
preuve sufﬁsante) un autre gérant comme son représentant.

10.6Un gérant peut représenter plus d'un gérant assistant par procuration lors
d'une réunion du collège de gérance, pourvu qu'au moins deux (2) gérants qui
sont soit présents en personne à cette réunion ou qui participent à cette réunion
par tout moyen de communication qui satisfasse aux exigences énoncées à
l'article 10.7.

10.7 Le collège de gérance ne peut valablement délibérer et agir que si la
majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée. Les résolutions du collège
de gérance sont valablement prises àla majorité des voix des gérants présents ou
représentés, sous réserve que, si le ou les actionnaires ont nommé un ou plusieurs
gérants de catégorie A et un ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie B, au moins un
gérant de catégorie A et un gérant de catégorie B (dans chaque cas, en personne
ou par procuration) votent en faveur de la résolution.

10.8 Les résolutions du collège de gérance seront consignées dans des procès-
verbaux signés par tous les gérants présents à l'assemblée. Les copies des extraits
des procès-verbaux du collège de gérance ou des résolutions circulaires visées à
l'article

10.10 pouvant être produites en justice ou autrement sont signées par le
président ou au moins un membre du collège de gérance.

10.9Tout gérant peut participer à toute réunion du collège de gérance par

téléphone ou vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
similaire permettant à toutes les personnes participant à la réunion de s'entendre
et de se parler. La participation à une réunion par ces moyens est réputée
équivalente à une participation en personne à cette réunion et les réunions ainsi
organisées sont réputées être prises au siège de la Société.

10.10 Les résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants sont
valables et contraignantes de la même manière que si elles avaient été adoptées
à une assemblée dûment convoquée et tenue. Ces signatures peuvent ﬁgurer sur
un seul document ou sur plusieurs exemplaires d'une résolution identique et une
telle résolution, lorsqu'elle sera dûment signée, pouffa être remise ou transmise
(à moins que le collège de gérance n'en décide autrement de façon générale ou
pour un cas particulier) par écrit, soit en original, par télécopieur, courrier
électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire (une copie de ce
document en étant une preuve sufﬁsante). La date de cette résolution est la date
de la dernière signature.

11. REPRESENTATION

11.1La Société sera engagée envers les tiers en toutes circonstances (i) par la
signature du gérant unique agissant individuellement ou (ii) par la signature
conjointe ou signature unique de toute personne à qui le pouvoir de signature

19


peut avoir été délégué par le collège de gérance dans les limites de cette
délégation.

11.2 Si le ou les associés ont nommé un ou plusieurs gérants de
catégorie A et un ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie B, la Société sera engagée
envers les tiers par les signatures conjointes d'un gérant de catégorie A avec un
gérant de catégorie B.

12. CONFLIT D'INTERETS

12.1Tout gérant de la Société qui a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt
de nature patrimoniale opposé à celui de la Société à l'occasion d'une opération
relevant de la compétence du collège de gérance est tenu d'en prévenir le collège
de gérance et de faire mentionner cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal de la
séance. Le gérant concerné ne peut ni prendre part aux discussions relatives à
cette opération ni voter sur cette opération. Un tel conﬂit d'intérêts doit être
rapporté à la première assemblée générale des associés avant tout vote sur
d'autres résolutions.

12.2Lorsque la Société ne comprend qu'un gérant unique, toute opération
entre la Société et son gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société doit
être spécialement mentionné dans les résolutions du gérant unique.

12.3Lorsque, en raison d'une opposition d'intérêts, le nombre de gérants
requis en vue de délibérer valable conformément aux Statuts n'est pas atteint, le
collège de gérance peut décider de déférer la décision sur ce point aux associés.

12.4Les décisions du collège de gérance concernant des opérations courantes
de la Société conclues dans des conditions normales ne sont pas soumises aux
dispositions des paragraphes précédents du présent article 12.

12.5Le collège de gérance, en raison de son mandat, n'assume aucune
responsabilité personnelle dans le cadre de leur fonction à condition que les
décisions prises soient en conformité.

IV. ASSOCIÉS

13 POUVOIRS ET FORME

13.1Toute assemblée générale régulièrement constituée ou toute résolution
écrite valable, selon le cas, représente l'ensemble des associés de la Société.

13.2En fonction du nombre d'associés, les résolutions sont adoptées comme
suit:

13.2.1 Si la Société a plus de soixante (60) associés, les assemblées
générales adoptent les résolutions des associés.

13.2.2 Si la Société a moins de soixante (60) associés, les décisions des
associés peuvent être valablement prises au moyen de résolutions écrites, sauf
pour les modiﬁcations statutaires. Les décisions prises sous forme de résolutions
écrites sont adoptées avec les mêmes majorités que celles requises pour les
assemblées générales des associés. Le texte intégral des résolutions à adopter
est envoyé à tous les associés et les associés votent en signant la résolution
écrite. Les signatures peuvent ﬁgurer sur un seul document ou sur plusieurs
exemplaires d'une résolution identique et une telle résolution peut être remise ou

20


transmise (à moins que le collège de gérance n'en décide autrement de façon
générale ou pour un cas particulier) par écrit, soit en original, par télécopieur,
courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire (une copie
de ce document en étant une preuve sufﬁsante).

13.2.3 Si la Société a un seul associé, cet associé exerce tous les pouvoirs
conférés par la Loi et par les Statuts à l'assemblée générale des associés. Dans
ce cas, dans les Statuts, les décisions prises ou les pouvoirs exercés par
l'assemblée générale des associés, feront référence aux décisions prises ou aux
pouvoirs exercés par l'associé unique. Les résolutions de l'associé unique doivent
être consignées par écrit.

14. ASSEMBLÉES GÉNÉRALES

l4.lSi la Société compte plus de soixante (60) associés, au moins une
assemblée générale des associés doit avoir lieu chaque année dans les six (6)
mois suivant la ﬁn de l'exercice social au siège social de la Société ou à tout autre
endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, tel que spéciﬁé dans l'avis de
convocation. Les autres assemblées générales des associés pourront être tenues
aux lieux, dates et heures indiqués dans les avis de convocation aux assemblées
générales. Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à une assemblée
générale et renoncent à toute obligation de convocation, l'assemblée générale
peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

l4.2Tout associé peut participer à une assemblée générale par téléphone ou
par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication similaire
permettant à toutes les personnes participant à la réunion de s'entendre et de se
parler. La participation à une réunion par ces moyens est réputée équivalente
à une participation en personne à l'assemblée générale, sous réserve que les
moyens de communication soient mis à disposition au lieu de la réunion. Dans
ce cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son mandataire doit être physiquement
présent au siège social de la Société et l'assemblée est réputée être prise au
siège de la Société.

l4.3Les associés peuvent voter en assemblée générale au moyen d'un
formulaire de vote signé envoyé soit en original, par télécopie, courrier
électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire. Les associés ne
peuvent utiliser que les formulaires de vote fournis par la Société qui
contiennent: (1) les nom et prénom, adresse et signature de l'associé concerné;
(2) l'indication des parts sociales pour lesquelles l'associé exercera son droit de
vote; (3) l'ordre du jour de l'assemblée générale tel qu'indiqué dans l'avis de
convocation et (4) les instructions de vote (approbation, refus, abstention) pour
chaque point de l'ordre du jour. Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une proposition
de résolution donnée, n'indiquent pas un vote en faveur, contre ou une abstention
sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette résolution. Les formulaires de vote doivent
être reçus par la Société au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures avant ladite
assemblée générale.

21


14.4Une liste de présence indiquant le nom de chaque associé, le nombre de
parts sociales détenues et, le cas échéant, le nom du représentant de l'associé,
doit être tenue à toutes les assemblées générales des associés.

14.5L'assemblée générale ne peut délibérer et voter que sur les points
inscrits à l'ordre du jour. Le vote a lieu à main levée ou par appel nominal, à
moins que l'assemblée générale ne décide d'adopter une autre procédure de vote.

14.6Le procès-verbal de l'assemblée générale des associés est signé par le
président, le secrétaire et le scrutateur de l'assemblée générale et peut être signé
par les associés ou mandataires des associés qui le demandent.

14.7Des copies ou des extraits de ces procès-verbaux ou des résolutions
écrites en cas de consultation devant être produites dans le cadre de procédures
judiciaires ou autres doivent être signés par au moins un membre du collège de
gérance.

14.8Le collège de gérance peut déterminer toutes les autres conditions qui
doivent être remplies pour participer à l'assemblée générale des associés.

15. DROITS DE VOTE, QUORUM ET MAJORITE

15. 1 Chaque parts sociales donne droit à un vote aux assemblées générales des
associés, sous réserve des limitations imposées par la Loi ou les Statuts.

15 .2Le collège de gérance de la Société peut suspendre les droits de vote de
tout associé qui est en défaut de remplir les obligations lui incombant en ve1iu
des Statuts ou de son acte de souscription ou d'engagement.

15.311 est permis à tout associé de s'engager à ne pas exercer, temporairement
ou déﬁnitivement tout ou partie de ses droits de vote. Une telle renonciation lie
l'associé renonçant et s'impose àla Société dès notiﬁcation à cette dernière.

15.4En cas d'application de l'article 15.2 ou de l'article 15.3, le ou les associés
concernés seront convoqués et pourront assister à toutes les assemblées
générales des associés mais leurs parts sociales ne seront pas prises en compte
pour la détermination des règles de quorum et de majorité.

15.5Sauf disposition contraire de la Loi ou des Statuts, les décisions ne sont
valablement prises que dans la mesure où elles sont adoptées par des associés
représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social. Si le quorum requis n'est
pas atteint lors de la première assemblée générale ou des résolutions écrites
proposées, les associés peuvent être convoqués ou consultés une deuxième fois
par lettre recommandée avec le même ordre du jour et les décisions seront
valablement prises à la majorité des voix émis, quelle que soit la portion du
capital social représenté.

15.6Les résolutions visant à modiﬁer les Statuts ou à changer la nationalité
de la Société et les résolutions dont l'adoption est soumise en vertu de la Loi ou
des Statuts au quorum et à la majorité requis pour modiﬁer les Statuts, ne
peuvent être adoptées que par des associés représentant au moins les trois
quarts (3/4) du capital social de la Société.

V. EXERCICE SOCIAL - COMPTES ANNUELS - AFFECTATION
DES BENEFICES

22


16. EXERCICE SOCIAL

16.1L'exercice social de la Société cOlmnence le premier janvier de chaque
année et se termine le trente et un décembre de la méme année.

17. COMPTES ANNUELS

l7.lA la ﬁn de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clöturés et le collège
de gérance doit préparer le bilan et le compte de proﬁts et pertes de la Société
ainsi qu'un inventaire comprenant une indication de la valeur des actifs et des
passifs de la Société, avec une annexe résumant l'ensemble des engagements de
la Société et les dettes des gérants, du ou des commissaires, le cas échéant, et des
associés envers la Société.

17.2. Tout associé peut prendre communication au siège social de la Société
de l'inventaire et du bilan.

18. AFFECTATION DES BENEFICES

18.1Les bénéﬁces bruts de la Société ﬁgurant dans les comptes annuels, après
déduction des frais généraux, de l'amortissement et des charges, représentent le
bénéﬁce net. Sur les bénéﬁces nets annuels de la Société, un montant égal à cinq
pour cent (5%) est alloué ala réserve légale jusqu'à ce que cette réserve soit égale
à dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

18.2En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la Société peut
étre réduite proportionnellement de telle sorte qu'elle ne dépasse pas dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

18.3 Sur recommandation du conseil de gérance, les associés ont le pouvoir
discrétionnaire de déterminer comment le reste des bénéﬁces de la Société sera
utilisé conformément à la Loi et aux Statuts.

18.4Les dividendes, lorsqu'ils sont à payer, seront distribués à la date et au
lieu ﬁxés par le collège de gérance conformément à la résolution des associés.
Les dividendes peuvent être payés en euros ou dans toute autre monnaie choisie
par le collège de gérance.

18.5Le collège de gérance décidera de verser des acomptes sur dividendes
sous réserve des dispositions de la Loi.

18.6Les associés peuvent décider de verser des dividendes intérimaires sur
base d'un état comptable préparé par le gérant ou, le cas échéant, le Conseil de
Gérance, duquel il apparait que des fonds sufﬁsants sont disponibles pour la
distribution, étant entendu que le montant à distribuer ne peut excéder le montant
des résultats réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice comptable augmenté des
bénéﬁces reportés ainsi que des réserves distribuables y inclus la prime
d'émission, mais diminué des pelies reportées ou, si la distribution est à faire
pendant le premier exercice social de la Société, à parti de la date de constitution
de la Société mais dans tous les cas, diminué des sommes à allouer à une réserve
en vertu de la loi.

VI. AUDIT

19. AUDITEURS

23


19.1S'il y a plus de soixante (60) associés, les opérations de la Société seront
supervisées par un ou plusieurs commissaires ou par un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés, selon le cas. Lorsque la Société nomme volontairement un
réviseur d'entreprises agréé, elle n'a pas à nommer de commissaire.

19.2Un commissaire peut être révoqué par l'assemblée générale des associés

à tout moment, sans préavis et avec ou sans cause.

19.3Un réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne peut être révoqué par l'assemblée
générale des associés que pour causes légitimes ou avec son approbation

VII. DISSOLUTION ET LIQUIDATION

20. DISSOLUTION ET LIQUIDATION

20.1En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera effectuée par un
ou plusieurs liquidateurs, qui n'ont pas à être associés, nommés par une
résolution des associés qui ﬁxera leurs pouvoirs et leur rémunération. Sauf
disposition contraire de la résolution des associés ou de la Loi, les liquidateurs
ont les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation des actifs et les paiements
des passifs de la Société.

20.2Le surplus résultant de la réalisation des actifs et du paiement du passif
de la Société sera versé aux associés proportionnellement aux parts sociales
détenues par chaque associé de la Société.

VIII. DROIT APPLICABLE

21. DROIT APPLICABLE

21.111 est fait référence aux dispositions de la Loi pour toutes les questions
pour lesquelles aucune disposition spéciﬁque n'est prévue dans les Statuts.

DISPOSITION TRAN SITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commence àla date du présent acte et prend ﬁn le
31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION - PAIEMENT

A ce titre, N A S Invest GmbH, prédésignée et représentée comme indiqué
ci- dessus, déclare souscrire douze mille (12.000) parts sociales sous forme
nominative, d'une valeur nominale d'un euro (EUR 1) chacune, et de les libérer
entièrement par un apport en numéraire s'élevant à douze mille euros (EUR
12.000).

Le montant de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000) est à la disposition de la
Société, ainsi qu'il en a été prouvé au notaire soussigné, qui le reconnaît
expressément.

RESOLUTIONS DE L'ASSOCIÉ UNIQUE

Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, l'associé unique de la
Société, représentant la totalité du capital social, a pris les résolutions suivantes:

1. Sont nommés gérants de la société avec effet immédiat et pour une durée
indéterminée:

- Madame Yasmina Bekouassa, née le 17 octobre 1978 à Metz, France et
demeurant professionnellement a 121, avenue de la Faïencerie, L-1511
Luxembourg, Grand- Duché de Luxembourg ;

24


- Monsieur Laurent Kind, né le 28 novembre 1971 à Luxembourg,
Luxembourg et demeurant professionnellement a 121 , avenue de la Faïencerie,
L-151 1 Luxembourg.

2. Le siège social de la Société est ﬁxé à 121, avenue de la Faïencerie, L-
151 1 Luxembourg.

DÉPENSES

Les frais, charges, charges et charges de quelque nature que ce soit qui
incombent àla Société en raison de sa constitution sont estimés à environ mille
deux cents euros (EUR 1.200,-).

DÉCLARATION

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, déclare qu'à la requête
de la partie comparante ci-dessus, le présent acte est rédigé en anglais suivi d'une
version française et en cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte français,
le texte anglais fera foi.

DONT ACTE, fait et passé à Luxembourg, à la date indiquée au début du
présent document.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée à la mandataire de la partie

comparante, ladite mandataire a signé avec le notaire le présent acte.
Signes : D. BARBOSA, K.REUTER

Enregistré à Luxembourg, Actes Civils 2, le O7 décembre 2018
Relation : 2LAC/2018/25998

Reçu : soixante-quinze euros

75.- €

Le receveur : A. MULLER

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

25


