Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230526

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.82
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

VERMA INVESTMENTS
Société à responsabilité limitée

42, rue de |a Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg

CONSITUTION DU 7 DÉCEMBRE 2018.
N° 3321 /2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventh day of December,

Before Maître Blanche Moutrier, notary residing at Esch-sur-Alzette, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, undersigned.

There appeared:

(1) GD&K Group Holding, a Luxembourg société à responsabilité
limitée, having its registered office at 42, rue de la Vallée, L-2661
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in process of registration
with the Luxembourg trade and companies register, here represented
by Mrs. Laure JACQUET, private employee, with professional address
at 32A, rue Zénon Bernard, L-4031 Esch-sur-Alzette, by virtue of a
power of attorney granted under private seal; and

(2) GD&K Group, a Luxembourg société en commandite spéciale,
having its registered office at 42, rue de la Vallée, L-2661
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and in process of
registration with the Luxembourg trade and companies register, here
represented by Mrs Sandra MANCINI, private employee, with
professional address at 32A, rue Zénon Bernard, L-4031 Esch-sur-
Alzette, by virtue of a power of attorney granted under private seal.

(hereafter collectively referred to as the “Shareholders”).

The said proxies, signed ne varietur" by the proxyho|ders and the
undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the present deed, to be filed at
the same time with the registration authorities.

The appearing parties, represented as mentioned above, have requested
the undersigned notary to enact the following articles of association of a
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which
they declare to establish as follows:

Name - Object - Registered office - Duration

Art. 1. There is hereby formed a "société a responsabilité Iimitée", private
limited liability company (the "Company"), governed by the present articles
of association (the "Articles") and by current Luxembourg laws (the "Law"),
in particular the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as
amended (the "Commercial Companies Law"). The Company may


change its corporate form subject to the relevant provisions of the
Commercial Companies Law.

Art. 2. The Company’s name is “Verma Investments”.
Art. 3. The Company’s purpose is:

(1) To take participations and interests, in any form whatsoever, in any
commercial, industrial, financial or other, Luxembourg or foreign companies
or enterprises;

(2) To acquire through participations, contributions, undenNriting, purchases
or options, negotiation or in any other way any securities, rights and interest
in property as the Company shall deem fit;

(3) Generally to hold, manage, develop, sell or dispose of the same, in
whole or in part, for such consideration as the Company may think fit, and
in particular for shares or securities of any company purchasing the same;

(4) To enter into, assist or participate in financial, commercial and other
transactions;

(5) To grant to any holding company, subsidiary, or fellow subsidiary, or any
other company which belongs to the same group of companies of the
Company (the "Affiliates") any assistance, loans, advances or guarantees
(in the latter case, even in favour of a third party lender of the Affiliates);

(6) To borrow and raise money in any manner including by issuing bonds
and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed;

(7) To purchase real estate properties either in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or abroad as well as to do all operations relating to real estate
properties, including the acquisition, development, promotion, sale,
management and/or lease of real estate properties. The Company may
further, in particular in relation to real estate properties, render
administrative, technical, financial, economic or managerial services to
other companies, persons or enterprises which are, directly or indirectly,
controlled by the Company or which are, directly or indirectly, under the
control of the same shareholders of the Company;

(9) Generally to do all such other things as may appear to the Company to
be incidental or conducive to the attainment of the above objects or any of
them; and

(10) The Company can perform all commercial, technical and financial
operations, connected directly or indirectly in all areas as described above
in order to facilitate the accomplishment of its purpose.

Art. 4.


Art. 4.1 The Company has its registered office in the municipality of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Art. 4.2 The registered office of the Company may be transferred to any
other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by means of a
resolution of an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders or of the
sole shareholder (as the case may be) adopted under the conditions
required by the Law. A transfer of the registered office within the same
municipality may also be decided by a resolution of the sole manager or, as
the case may be, the board of managers. In case the Company has several
shareholders, the sole manager or, as the case may be, the board of
managers, is authorized to decide to transfer the registered office to
another municipality and to amend these Articles to reflect the transfer and
the new location of the registered office.

Art. 4.3 The Company by a resolution of the board of managers or the sole
manager (as the case may be) may establish offices and branches
(whether or not a permanent establishment) both in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg and abroad.

Art. 4.4 In the event that the board of managers or the sole manager (as
the case may be) should determine that extraordinary political, economic or
social developments have occurred or are imminent that would interfere
with the normal activities of the Company at its registered office or with the
ease of communication between such office and persons abroad, the
registered office may be temporarily transferred abroad until the complete
cessation of these extraordinary circumstances; such temporary measures
shall have no effect on the nationality of the Company which,
notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its registered office, will remain a
Luxembourg company. Such temporary measures will be taken and notified
to any interested parties by the board of managers or the sole manager (as
the case may be) of the Company.

Art. 5. The Company is constituted for an unlimited duration.

Art. 6. The life of the Company does not come to an end by death,
suspension of civil rights, bankruptcy or insolvency of any shareholder.

Art. 7. The creditors, representatives, rightful owner or heirs of any
shareholder are not allowed, in any circumstances, to require the sealing of
the assets and documents of the Company, nor to interfere in any manner
in the management of the Company. They must for the exercise of their
rights refer to financial statements and to the decisions of the meetings of
shareholders or of the sole shareholder (as the case may be).

Capital - Shares
Art. 8.


Art. 8.1 Outstanding share capital

The share capital is set at EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand Euros),
represented by 100,000 (one hundred thousand) shares having a nominal
value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) each, divided into:

(1 .a.i)

12,000 (twelve thousand) ordinary shares (the

Ordinary Shares); and

(1 all)

88,000 (eighty-eight thousand) shares divided into 10

(ten) classes of as follows:

8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class A shares (the Class A
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class B shares (the Class B
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class C shares (the Class C

Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class D shares (the Class D
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class E shares (the Class E
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class F shares (the Class F
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class G shares (the Class G
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class H shares (the Class H
Shares);
8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class I shares (the Class I
Shares);

8,800 (eight thousand eight hundred) class J shares (the Class J
Shares).

All the Class A Shares, the Class B Shares, the Class C Shares, the Class
D Shares, the Class E Shares, the Class F Shares, the Class G Shares, the

Class

H Shares, the Class | Shares and the Class J Shares will be

collectively referred to as the Classes of Shares, or individually as a Class
of Shares. All the Ordinary Shares and the Classes of Shares will be
collectively referred to as the shares, or individually as a share.


8.2 Share Premium

The shareholders may resolve to allocate all or part of the share premium
paid upon the subscription of shares to one or several Classes of Shares or
as the case may be the Ordinary Shares (the Allocated Share Premium).
The Allocated Share Premium is available only for distribution to the holders
of the Class of Shares or, as the case may be, the Ordinary Shares to
which it is allocated.

8.3 Economic rights

Each Class of Shares has the following features which mainly lead to the
following economic rationale:

the Class J Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the day
of its incorporation until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the Class
J Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in accordance
with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such Class of Shares
(the First Redemption);

the Class | Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the First
Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said Class |
Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in accordance with
Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such Class of Shares (the
Second Redemption);

the Class H Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the
Second Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said
Class H Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in
accordance with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such
Class of Shares (the Third Redemption);

the Class G Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the Third
Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said Class G
Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in accordance with
Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such Class of Shares (the
Fourth Redemption);

the Class F Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the
Fourth Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said
Class F Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in


accordance with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such
Class of Shares (the Fifth Redemption);

- the Class E Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the Fifth
Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said Class E
Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in accordance with
Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such Class of Shares (the
Sixth Redemption);

- the Class D Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the Sixth
Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said Class D
Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in accordance with
Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such Class of Shares (the
Seventh Redemption);

- the Class C Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the
Seventh Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said
Class C Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in
accordance with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such
Class of Shares (the Eighth Redemption);

- the Class B Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the
Eighth Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said
Class B Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in
accordance with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such
Class of Shares (the Ninth Redemption);

- the Class A Shares give right to the net profits and distributable
amounts realized or accounted for by the Company as from the
Ninth Redemption until the earlier of (i) the redemption of the said
Class A Shares or (ii) the distribution of profits as dividend in
accordance with Article 21.3 resulting in the redemption of such
Class of Shares.

Art. 8.4 Share capital increase and share capital reduction

The amount of the share capital of the Company may be increased or
reduced by means of a resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of
shareholders or of the sole shareholder (as the case may be) adopted
under the conditions required for the amendment of the Articles.

6


If the Company proposes to issue new shares, it shall serve a notice
("Issue Notice") on each shareholder specifying:

- the terms of the issue of the new shares, the issue price per new
share (or the means by which the price will be calculated);

- the total number of shares to be issued (including precision about
the Class of Shares / Ordinary Shares);

- the date on which subscription monies for the new shares shall be
paid to the Company, such date not to be less than 21 calendar days
after the date of the Issue Notice; and

- the number of new shares in each class for which the shareholder
would need to subscribe or the means by which the number would
be calculated (the offer to the shareholders shall be made on a pari
passu and pro rata basis to the number of shares held by the
shareholders in relevant Classes of Shares/Ordinary Shares
immediately prior to such offer), and the ability of the shareholder to
offer to acquire more than or less than such number of new shares.

Within 15 calendar days after the date of the Issue Notice (the
"Take-Up Deadline"), a shareholder may exercise its right to
subscribe for the new shares under section by giving notice to the
Company of the number of new shares (and indicating the type:
Ordinary Shares/ Class(es) of Shares) for which it wishes to
subscribe. If a shareholder has not given notice before the Take-Up
Deadline, then the shareholder shall have no further right to
subscribe for the offered new shares under this section.

If a shareholder exercises its right to subscribe for new shares under
this section then the Company shall, subject to receipt of the relevant
subscription amount, issue to that shareholder the number of new
shares allocated to that shareholder.

Art. 9.
Art. 9.1 The shares of the Company are in registered form only.

Art. 9.2 Each share confers an identical voting right and each shareholder
has voting rights commensurate to his shareholding.

Art. 9.3 In case of share(s) subject to an usufruct duly notified to or
accepted by the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the civil code,


voting rights are exercised by the bare owner except for the decisions
related to the allocation of profits which belong to the usufructuary.

Art. 9.4 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In the
event that a share is held by more than one person, the Company has the
right to suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that share until one
person has been appointed as sole holder in relation to the Company. The
person appointed as the sole holder of the share towards the Company in all
matters by all the joint holders of the share shall be named first in the register.

Only the joint holder of a share first named in the register, as appointed by
all the joint holders of such share, shall be entitled, in its capacity as
designated holder towards the Company of that share jointly held, to
exercise the rights attached to such share, including without limitation, (i) to
be served notices by the Company, including convening notices relating to
general meetings (ii) to attend general meetings and to exercise the voting
rights attached to the share jointly held at any such meetings and (iii) to
receive dividend payments in respect of the share jointly held.

Art. 9.5 The issued shares shall be entered in the register of shareholders,
which shall be kept by the Company or by one or more persons designated
by the Company, and such register shall contain the name of each
shareholder, and its address or registered office. Any transfer of shares in
accordance with Article 10 hereafter, shall be recorded in the register of
shareholders.

Every shareholder can consult the register.

9.6 Share redemptions

The Company shall have power to redeem one or more entire Class(es) of
Shares through the redemption and cancellation of all the shares in issue in
such Class(es) of Shares. Such redeemed Class(es) of Shares shall be
cancelled through a reduction of the share capital.

The redemption and cancellation of shares shall (i) be made in reverse
alphabetical order of the Classes of Shares in issuance (starting with Class
J Shares) and (ii) always be made on all the shares of the Class of Shares
concerned.

Such redemption of Class(es) of Shares shall be carried out by means of a
resolution of an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders or of the
sole shareholder (as the case may be), adopted under the conditions
required for amendment of the Articles.

In the event of a reduction of share capital through the repurchase and the
cancellation of a Class of Shares (i) such Class of Shares gives right to the
Total Cancellation Amount (as defined below) to the holders thereof pro rata
to their holding in such class (with the limitation however to the Available
Amount (as defined below)) and (ii) the holders of shares of the
repurchased and cancelled Class of Shares shall receive from the
Company an amount equal to the Cancellation Value Per Share (as defined

8


below) for each share of the relevant Class of Shares held by them and
canceHed.

Upon redemption and cancellation of the shares of the relevant Class of
Shares, the Cancellation Value Per Share (as defined below) will become
due and payable by the Company.

Available Amount means (i) the total amount of net profits of the
Company, including profits made since the end of
the last financial year, for which the annual
accounts have been approved, increased by (ii) the
Allocated Share Premium allocated to the Class of
Shares to be cancelled, as well as any freely
distributable share premium and other freely
distributable reserves including all funds available
for distribution plus any profits carried forward and
sums drawn from reserves available for this
purpose, (iii) the amount of the share capital
reduction and legal reserve reduction relating to
the Class of Shares to be cancelled, knowing that
such amount to be distributed may not exceed the
total available sums for distribution as calculated in
accordance with Article 461-2 of the Companies
Act; but reduced by (i) any losses (including carried
forward losses) and (ii) any sums to be placed into
reserve(s) pursuant to the requirements of the
Companies Act or of the Articles, each as set out in
the relevant lnterim Accounts (without for the
avoidance of doubt, any double counting) so that:

AA= (NP + P+ CR) - (L+ LR)
Whereby:
AA = Available Amount

NP = net profits (including carried forward profits),
including profits made since the end of the last
financial year, for which the annual accounts have
been approved

P = the Allocated Share Premium allocated to the
Class of Shares to be cancelled as well as any
freely distributable share premium and other freely
distributable reserves

CR = the amount of the share capital reduction and
legal reserve reduction relating to the Class of
Shares to be cancelled


Cancellation Value
Per Share

Interim Accounts

Interim
Date

Total
Amount

10

Accounts

Cancellation

L = losses (including carried forward losses)

LR = any sums to be placed into reserve(s)
pursuant to the requirements of the Companies Act
or of the Articles.

means the amount calculated by dividing the Total
Cancellation Amount by the number of shares in
issue in the Class of Shares to be repaid and
cancelled.

means the interim accounts of the Company as at
the relevant Interim Accounts Date.

means the date no earlier than 8 (eight) days
before the date of the redemption and cancellation
of the relevant Class of Shares.

shall be an amount determined by the sole
manager or the managers (as the case may be),
and approved by the general meeting of the
shareholders or of the sole shareholder (as the
case may be) on the basis of the relevant Interim
Accounts. The Total Cancellation Amount for each
Class of Shares shall be the Available Amount of
such class as at the time of its cancellation.
Nevertheless the sole manager or the Board of
Managers (as the case may be) may provide for a
Total Cancellation Amount different from the
Available Amount provided however that (i) the
Total Cancellation

Amount shall never be higher than such Available
Amount and shall never be lower than the sum of
the net profits (including carried forward profits and
profits made since the end of the last financial year,
for which the annual accounts have been
approved), the Allocated Share Premium allocated
to the Class of Shares to be cancelled, the amount
of the share capital reduction and legal reserve
reduction relating to the Class of Shares to be
cancelled, after deduction of the losses (including
carried forward losses) and any sums to be placed
into reserve(s) pursuant to the requirements of the
Companies Act or of the Articles, (ii) such different
Total Cancellation Amount shall be notified by the
board of managers or the sole manager (as the
case may be) to all the shareholders of the
Company through written notice and that (iii) this
Total Cancellation Amount has not been disputed in
writing by any shareholder of the Company within


three (3) days following receipt of the written notice
from the board of managers or the sole manager
(as the case may be).

Subject to the prior redemption of all Classes of Shares, the Company may
redeem the Ordinary Shares.

The redemption of the Ordinary Shares shall be carried out by means of a
resolution of an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders or of the
sole shareholder (as the case may be), adopted under the conditions
required for amendment of the Articles.

However, if the redemption price for the Ordinary Shares is in excess of the
nominal value of the Ordinary Shares to be redeemed, such redemption
may only be decided to the extent that the excess purchase price does not
exceed the total profits made since the end of the last financial year for
which the annual accounts have been approved, plus any profits carried
forward and sums drawn from reserves available for this purpose, less
losses carried forward and any sums to be placed to reserve pursuant to
the requirements of the Companies Act or of the Articles.

Such redeemed Ordinary Shares shall be cancelled by reduction of the
share capital.

Art. 10.
Art. 10. 1 Share transfer among the shareholders
The shares are freely transferable among the shareholders.

The shares may not be transferred "inter vivos" to non-shareholders unless
shareholders holding at least ninety-percent (90%) of the share capital shall
have agreed thereto.

If a shareholder intends to transfer share(s) to a third party (the "Proposed
Buyer"), such shareholder must send a notice to the Company and other
shareholders with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the
identity of the transferee, the transfer price (the "Proposed Transfer
Price"), and other terms and conditions of payment, the proposed sale
date, the number of the shares to be transferred to the Proposed Buyer
and, if relevant the conditions applicable to the transfer (the “Transfer
Notice”).

If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders in accordance
with this Article, the shareholders may, within three (3) months from the
date of the refusal, acquire the share(s) on a pro rata basis between them
(unless otherwise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the
share(s) by another party at a price corresponding to the Proposed Transfer
Price, except if the transferring shareholder renounce to the sale of its
share(s). Upon request of the board of managers or the sole manager (as

11


the case may be), the three-month period can be extended for a maximum
period of six (6) months by the judge presiding the chamber of the district
court (Tribunal d'Arrondissement) dealing with commercial matters and
sitting as in summary proceedings.

To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire share(s),
the Company may within the same timeframe and with the consent of the
transferring shareholder, decide to reduce its share capital by an amount
corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the relevant share(s) and
redeem and cancel such share(s) at a price corresponding to the Proposed
Transfer Price.

lf following the expiry of the above-mentioned periods, the shares have not
been acquired or redeemed in accordance with the preceding paragraphs,
the transferring shareholder may freely sell its share(s) to the Proposed
Buyer at the transfer price and conditions which were notified to the

Company.

Furthermore, the provisions of Article 710-13 of the Commercial Companies
Law shall apply.

In the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may only be
transferred to new shareholders subject to the approval of such transfer
given by the remaining shareholders holding at least ninety (90%) of the
shares owned by the remaining shareholders. Such approval is however
not required in case the shares are transferred either to parents,
descendants or the surviving spouse or any other legal heir of the
deceased shareholder.

However, shares allocated against sweat contributions may not be
transferred neither to shareholder(s) nor to non-shareholder(s).

Art. 10. 2 Pre-emption right

A pre-emption right (right of first refusal) is offered to the other
shareholders.

Within 15 calendar days after the date of the Transfer Notice (the "Transfer
Take-Up Deadline"), a shareholder may exercise its right to subscribe for
the shares subject to transfer by giving notice to the Company of the
number of shares for which it wishes to subscribe. If a shareholder has not
given notice before the Transfer Take-Up Deadline, then the shareholders
shall have no further right to acquire the shares subject to transfer under
this section.

Art. 10.3

(i) Exceptions to the pre-emption right

12


Article 10.2 does not apply in the case of: (i) a transfer of the shares
between the shareholders, (ii) a permitted transfer, Le. a transfer of the
entire shareholding in the Company’s share capital of a shareholder to a
100% (one hundred percent) controlled subsidiary of such shareholder not
resulting in change of control; (iii) a transfer as a result of a universal
succession (inheritance in case of natural persons and corporate
transformations (including mergers and acquisitions) in case of legal
persons, (iv) prenuptial agreements (including so called mid-nups) or
divorces, and (v) a transfer of all shares by all shareholders under the same
transaction.

(ii) Inheritance

The inheritance of the shares of the Company shall be regulated by the
applicable laws, but the shareholder’s covenant that multiple heirs are
obliged to indicate among them a single person authorised to perform all
their rights in the Company; any legal transaction with such person or
performance of any obligation by the Company in the relationship with such
person has a binding legal effect also towards the remaining represented
heirs.

Management
Art. 11.

Art. 11.1 The Company is managed by one or more managers, who do not
need to be shareholders. The manager(s) is/are appointed, dismissed and
replaced by a decision of the general meeting, adopted by shareholders
owning more than half of the share capital.

Art. 11.2 If several managers have been appointed, they will constitute a
board of managers composed of one or several category A manager(s), of
one or several category B manager(s) and of one or several category C
manager(s).

The general meeting of shareholders or the sole shareholder (as the case
may be) may, at any time and ad nutum, remove and replace any manager.
Art. 11.3 All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or the Articles to the
general meeting of shareholders or to the sole shareholder (as the case
may be) fall within the competence of the board of managers, or of the sole
manager (as the case may be).

Art. 11.4 In dealing with third parties, the manager, or, in case of plurality of
managers, the board of managers will have all powers to act in the name of
the Company in all circumstances and to carry out and approve all acts and
operations consistent with the Company’s object, provided the terms of
these Articles shall have been complied with.

13


Art. 11.5 The Company shall be bound by the sole signature of its single
manager, and, in case of plurality of managers, by the joint signature of one
category A manager, one category B manager and one category C
manager, or by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom such
power has been delegated by the board of managers.

Art. 11.6 The board of managers or the sole manager (as the case may
be), may appoint a person, either manager or not, for the purposes of
performing specific tasks or functions at every level within the Company.
The board of managers, or the sole manager (as the case may be) will
determine the powers, duties and remuneration (if any) of its agent(s) and
employees of the Company, the duration of the period of representation and
any other relevant conditions of his/their agency.

Art. 12.

Art. 12.1 In case of plurality of managers, the decisions of the managers
are taken by meeting of the board of managers. All meetings of the board of
managers will be held in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Art. 12.2 The board of managers may appoint among its members a
chairperson to chair the meeting, who in case of a tie vote, shall not have a
casting vote and who may choose a secretary, who needs not to be a
manager, who shall be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings
of the board of managers or for such other matter as may be specified by
the board of managers.

Art. 12.3 The board of managers shall meet when convened by one
manager.

Art. 12.4 Notice of any meeting of the board of managers shall be given to
all managers at least 3 (three) working days in advance of the time set for
such meeting except in the event of emergency, the nature of which is to be
set forth in the minute of the meeting.

Any convening notice shall specify the time and place of the meeting and
the nature of the business to be transacted.

Convening notices can be given to each manager by word of mouth, in
writing or by fax, cable, telegram, telex, electronic means or by any other
suitable communication means.

Art. 12.5 The notice may be waived by the consent, in writing or by fax,
cable, telegram, telex, electronic means or by any other suitable
communication means, of each manager.

Art. 12.6 The meeting will be duly held without prior notice if all the
managers are present or duly represented.

14


Art. 12.7 No separate notice is required for meetings held at times and
places specified in a schedule previously adopted by a resolution of the
board of managers.

Art. 12.8 Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing in writing or by fax, cable, telegram, telex or electronic means
another manager as his/her/its proxy.

A manager may represent more than one manager in the board meeting
based on the power-of attorney in writing. No manager can transfer to
another its powers to represent the Company.

Art. 12.9 The managers may participate in a board of managers meeting by
phone, videoconference, or any other suitable telecommunication means
allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the
same time.

Such participation in a meeting is deemed equivalent to participation in
person at a meeting of the managers and the meeting is deemed to be held
at the registered office of the Company.

Art. 12.10 The board of managers can deliberate or act validly only if at
least one half of its members is present or represented, including at least
one category A manager, one category B manager and one category C
manager. The resolutions of the board of managers shall be adopted at the
majority of the managers present or represented, including at least one
category A manager, one category B manager and one category C
manager.

Art. 12.11 The decisions of the board of managers will be recorded in
minutes to be held at the registered office of the Company and to be signed
by the chairperson, if one has been appointed or one category A manager,
one category B manager and one category C manager. Proxies, if any, will
remain attached to the minutes of the relevant meeting.

Art. 12.12 Resolutions in writing approved and signed by all managers shall
have the same effect as resolutions passed at a managers’ meeting.

In such cases, written resolutions can either be documented in a single
document or in several separate documents having the same content. The
Company might, however, issue excerpts from such protocols
encompassing separately several resolutions or certain parts of them.

Art. 12.13 Written resolutions may be transmitted by ordinary mail, fax,
cable, telegram, telex, electronic means, or any other suitable
telecommunication means.

15


Art. 12.14 Written resolutions are deemed to be approved at the registered
office of the Company, effective on the date of signature of the last manager
who signs the written resolutions.

Art. 12.15 Conflict of interest

Any manager who has, directly or indirectly, a financial interest conflicting
with the interest of the Company in connection with a transaction falling
within the competence of the board of managers, must inform the board of
managers of such conflict of interest and must have his declaration
recorded in the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant manager may
not take part in the discussions relating to such transaction or vote on such
transaction. Any such conflict of interest must be reported to the next
general meeting of shareholders prior to such meeting taking any resolution
on any other item.

Where the Company comprises a single manager, transactions made
between the Company and the manager having an interest conflicting with
that of the Company are specifically mentioned in the resolution of the sole
manager.

Where, by reason of a conflicting interest, the number of managers required
in order to validly deliberate is not met, the board of managers may in its
sole discretion either deliberate and take the decision at the majority of the
non-conflicted managers or decide to submit the decision on this specific
item to the general meeting of shareholders.

The conflict of interest rules shall not apply where the decision of the board
of managers or the sole manager relates to day-to-day transactions entered
into under normal conditions.

Art. 13. Any manager does not contract in his function any personal
obligation concerning the commitments regularly taken by him in the name
of the Company; as a representative of the Company, he is only
responsible for the execution of his mandate.

Art. 14. The daily management of the Company, as well as, the
representation of the Company in relation to such daily management may
be delegated to one or more managers, officers or other agents, acting
individually or jointly. Their appointment, removal and powers shall be
determined by a resolution of the board of managers or the sole manager
(as the case may be).

General meetings of shareholders

Art. 15.

Art. 15.1 Except in case of proposed amendments to these Articles, the
holding of a shareholders meeting is not compulsory as long as the
shareholders number is less than 60 (sixty). In such case, each shareholder

16


shall receive the whole text of each resolution or decision to be taken,
transmitted in writing or by fax, cable, telegram, telex, electronic means or
any other suitable telecommunication means. Each shareholder shall vote
in writing.

Art. 15.2 If the shareholders number exceeds 60 (sixty), the decisions of
the shareholders are taken by meetings of the shareholders. In such a case
1 (one) general meeting shall be held at least annually in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg within 6 (six) months of the closing of the last financial year.
Other general meetings of shareholders may be held at any time specified
in the notice of the meeting.

Art. 16.

Art. 16.1 General meetings of shareholders are convened and written
shareholders resolutions are proposed by the board of managers, or the
sole manager (as the case may be), failing which by shareholders
representing more than half of the share capital of the Company.

Art. 16.2 Written notices convening a general meeting and setting forth the
agenda shall be made pursuant to the Law and shall be sent to each
shareholder at least 8 (eight) days before the meeting, except for the
annual general meeting for which the notice shall be sent at least 21
(twenty-one) calendar days prior to the date of the meeting.

All notices must specify the time and place of the meeting.

Art. 16.3 If all shareholders are present or represented at the general
meeting and state that they have been duly informed of the agenda of the
meeting, the general meeting may be held without prior notice.

Art. 16.4 Any shareholder may act at any general meeting by appointing in
writing or by fax, cable, telegram, telex, electronic means or by any other
suitable telecommunication means another person who needs not be
shareholder.

Art. 16.5 Each shareholder may participate in general meetings of
shareholders. Each share entities to one vote in general meetings of
shareholders.

Art. 16.6 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily
or permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder is
bound by such waiver which is mandatory for the Company upon
notification to the latter.

Art. 16.7 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with this Article or the exercise of the voting
rights has been waived by one or several shareholders, such shareholders
may attend any general meeting of the Company but the shares they hold
are not taken into account for the determination of the conditions of quorum

17


and majority to be complied with at the general meetings of the Company or
to determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

Art. 16.8 Shareholders may take part in the meeting by conference call,
through video conference or by any other means of communication allowing
for their identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear
one another on a continuous basis, and allowing for an effective
participation of all such persons in the meeting. In such case, at least 1
(one) shareholder or his proxy-holder shall be physically present at the
registered office of the Company and the meeting shall be deemed held at
the registered office of the Company.

Art. 16.9 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed
voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of
communication to the Company's registered office or to the address
specified in the convening notice. The shareholders may only use voting
forms provided by the Company which contain at least the place, date and
time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to
the shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the
shareholder to vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by
ticking the appropriate box.

Art. 16.10 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a
vote in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an
abstention are void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only
take into account voting forms received on the day preceding the date of
the general meeting to which they relate.

Art. 16.11 The board of managers may determine further conditions that
must be fulfilled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general
meeting of shareholders.

Art. 16.12 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

Art. 16.13 Ordinary resolutions at the meetings of shareholders (or
resolutions proposed in writing to the shareholders) are validly taken in so
far as they are adopted by shareholders representing 90% of the share
capital, being noted that, in order to deliberate or act validly, shareholders
representing 90% of the share capital shall be at least present or
represented at such meeting. Hereafter is a list, non-exhaustive, of ordinary
resolutions, as well as major matters that require to be adopted under the
same voting requirements:

- Approval of annual accounts and respective inventory and balance
sheet of the Company;

- Examination and approval of the board of managers’ report on the
Company’s activities, the Company’s annual financial statement for

18


the preceding financial year and acknowledgment of fulfillment of the
duties by the members of the board of managers;

- Distribution of dividends - distribution of profits or coverage of losses,
provided that the shareholders meeting may resolve to retain from
distribution a part or the whole profit (leaving it in the Company
instead of permitting dividend).

- Granting consent for purchase or sale of the real property or any
encumbrance;

- Appointment and removal of managers;

- Appointment and removal of auditors;

- Granting consent for purchase or sale of an enterprise or
encumbrance thereof or establishment of any substantive (ad rem)
right (including the right of usufruct) thereof.

- Transfer of or encumbrance over the shares.

- Purchase of shares/interests in other companies.

- Execution of rights resulting from the participation of the Company in
other companies or partnerships.

- Entering into any agreements or undertaking of any obligations the
value of which exceeds PLN 400,000.00 (say: four hundred
thousand Zloty) — in the case of an agreement for continuous
transaction, transaction value shall be the expected annual value of
such transaction and in the case of periodical considerations, the
accumulated value of such considerations within a calendar year,
except for transactions contemplated in any shareholders
agreement.

- Entering into any agreements between the Company and a
shareholder or any affiliate of the shareholder, exceeding a
transaction value of PLN 200,000.00 (say: two hundred thousand
Zloty) — in the case of an agreement for continuous transaction,
transaction value shall be the expected annual value of such
transaction and in the case of periodical considerations, the
accumulated value of such considerations within a calendar year; in
all such cases, except for transactions contemplated in any
shareholders agreement.

- Granting loans by the Company.

- Employee welfare; engagement including employment conditions as
well as the dismissal of high ranking officers, and all changes on the
labour/social policy.

- Appointing attorneys-in-fact to conclude agreements between the
Company and members of the board of managers.

If the quorum is not formed at a first meeting or at the first consultation, the
shareholders are immediately convened or consulted a second time by
registered letter and resolutions will be taken at the majority of the vote
cast, regardless of the portion of capital represented.

19


Art. 16.14 Extraordinary decisions shall only be taken by shareholders
representing 90% of the share capital at an extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders , being noted that, in order to deliberate or act validly,
shareholders representing 90% of the share capital shall be at least present
or represented at such meeting. Hereafter is a list, non-exhaustive, of
extraordinary resolutions:

- Amendment to the present Articles;
- Transfer of the registered office of the Company outside the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Capital increases and capital decreases;

- Change of the scope of business of the Company;

- Mergers of the Company with another company ;

- Dissolution of the Company.
If the quorum is not formed at a first meeting or at the first consultation, the
shareholders are immediately convened or consulted a second time by
registered letter and resolutions will be taken at the majority of the vote
cast, regardless of the portion of capital represented.

Art. 16.15 A sole shareholder exercises alone the powers devolved to the
meeting of shareholders by the Law.

Art. 16.16 Except in case of current operations concluded under normal
conditions, contracts concluded between the sole shareholder and the
Company have to be recorded in minutes or drawn-up in writing.

Financial year - Balance sheet

Art. 17. The Company’s financial year begins on 1 January and closes on
31 December.

Art. 18. Each year, as of 31 December, the board of managers, or the sole
manager (as the case may be) will draw up the balance sheet which will
contain a record of the properties of the Company together with its debts
and liabilities and be accompanied by an annex containing a summary of all
its commitments and the debts of the manager(s), statutory auditor(s) (if
any) and shareholder(s) toward the Company.

At the same time the board of managers or the sole manager (as the case
may be) will prepare a profit and loss account, which will be submitted to
the general meeting of shareholders together with the balance sheet.

Art. 19. Each shareholder may inspect at the head office the inventory, the
balance sheet and the profit and loss account.

If the shareholders’ number exceeds 60 (sixty), SUCh inspection shall be
permitted only during the 15 (fifteen) days preceding the annual general
meeting of shareholders.

Supervision of the company

20


Art. 20.

Art. 20.1 If the shareholders number exceeds 60 (sixty), the supervision of
the Company shall be entrusted to one or more statutory auditor(s)
("commissaire(s)"), who may or may not be shareholder(s).

Art. 20.2 Each statutory auditor shall serve for a term ending on the date of
the annual general meeting of shareholders following their appointment
dealing with the approval of the annual accounts.

Art. 20.3 At the end of this period and of each subsequent period, the
statutory auditor(s) can be renewed in its/their function by a new resolution
of the general meeting of shareholders or of the sole shareholder (as the
case may be) until the holding of the next annual general meeting dealing
with the approval of the annual accounts.

Art. 20.4 Where the thresholds of the law of 19 December 2002 on the
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register, as amended, are met, the
Company shall have its annual accounts audited by one or more qualified
auditor(s) ("réviseurs d’entreprises agréé(s)") appointed by the general
meeting of shareholders or the sole shareholder (as the case may be)
amongst the qualified auditors registered in the Financial Sector
Supervisory Commission ("Commission de Surveillance du Secteur
Financief')’s public register.

Art. 20.5 Notwithstanding the thresholds above mentioned, at any time, one
or more qualified auditors may be appointed by resolution of the general
meeting of shareholders or of the sole shareholder (as the case may be)
that shall decide the terms and conditions of his/her/its/their mandate.

Dividend - Reserves

Art. 21.

Art. 21.1 The credit balance of the profit and loss account, after deduction
of the expenses, costs, amortisations, charges and provisions represents
the net profit of the Company.

Art. 21.2 Every year 5% (five percent) of the net profit will be transferred to
the statutory reserve. This deduction ceases to be compulsory when the
statutory reserve amounts to one tenth of the issued share capital, as
decreased or increased from time to time, but shall again become
compulsory if the statutory reserve falls below such one tenth.

Art. 21.3 The remaining profit is allocated pursuant to a resolution of the
general meeting upon proposal by the board of managers.

In any year, in which the Company resolves to make dividend distributions,
drawn from net profits and from available reserves derived from retained

21


earnings, and/or any share premium, the amount allocated to this effect
shall be distributed in the following order of priority:

22

First, the holders of the Ordinary Shares shall be entitled to receive
dividend distributions with respect to such year in an amount of five
per cent (5%) of the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares held by
them, then,

the holders of Class A Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of four point five
per cent (4.5%) of the nominal value of the Class A Shares held by
them, then,

the holders of Class B Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of four per cent
(4%) of the nominal value of the Class B Shares held by them, then,

the holders of Class C Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of three point
five per cent (3.5%) of the nominal value of the Class C Shares held
by them, then,

the holders of Class D Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of three per cent
(3%) of the nominal value of the Class D Shares held by them, then,

the holders of Class E Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of two point five
per cent (2.5%) of the nominal value of the Class E Shares held by
them, then,

the holders of Class F Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of two per cent
(2%) of the nominal value of the Class F Shares held by them, then,

the holders of Class G Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of one point five
per cent (1.5%) of the nominal value of the Class G Shares held by
them, then

the holders of Class H Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of one per cent
(1%) of the nominal value of the Class H Shares held by them, then,

the holders of Class | Shares shall be entitled to receive dividend
distributions with respect to such year in an amount of zero point five


per cent (0.5%) of the nominal value of the Class | Shares held by
them, then,

- the holders of Class J Shares shall be entitled to receive the
remainder of any dividend distribution.

Upon a dividend distribution, the then last outstanding Class of Shares (in
reverse alphabetical order) shall be redeemed and cancelled until only
Ordinary Shares are outstanding in which case this rule shall not apply.

Should a whole outstanding Class of Shares (by reverse alphabetical order,
e.g. Class J Shares) have been cancelled following its redemption,
repurchase or otherwise at the time of the distribution, the remainder of any
dividend distribution shall then be added to the preceding outstanding Class
of Shares in the reverse alphabetical order (e.g. Class | Shares).

In case all the Classes of Shares have been redeemed, then an annual
dividend is allocated equally to all Ordinary Shares.

Art. 22. In accordance with article 710-25 of the Companies Act, interim
dividends may be distributed, at any time, under the following cumulative
conditions:

(i) An interim accounting situation (état comptable) is drawn up by the
board of managers (the Interim Accounts). These lnterim Accounts
are verified by an internal or external auditor where the Company
has appointed one;

(ii) These lnterim Accounts show that sufficient profits and other
reserves (including without limitation share premium and capital
surplus) are available for distribution, it being understood that the
amount to be distributed may not exceed profits made since the end
of the last financial year for which the annual accounts have been
approved, if any, increased by carried forward profits and
distributable reserves, and decreased by carried forward losses and
the amount to be allocated to the legal reserves;

(iii)The decision to distribute interim dividends must be taken by the
Board of Managers within two (2) months from the date of the Interim
Accounts;

(iv)The rights of the creditors of the Company are not threatened, taking
into account the assets of the Company; and

(v) Where the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable profits at
the end of the financial year, the relevant excess as acknowledged at
the General Meeting, shall, unless otherwise decided by the board of

23


managers at the time of the declaration, be deemed to be an
advance payment for future dividends.

Distributions of share premium and capital surplus

Art. 23.

Any and all distributions of the share premium or capital surplus shall be
decided by the general meeting of shareholders in accordance with the
provisions of Article 11, without prejudice to any interim dividend distribution
(including out of share premium and capital surplus) decided by the board
of managers in accordance with the provisions of Article 22.

Winding-up - Liquidation
Art. 24.

Art. 24.1 The general meeting of shareholders under the conditions
required for the amendment of the Articles, or the sole shareholder (as the
case may be) may resolve the dissolution of the Company.

Art. 24.2 Where the Company has a single shareholder, and subject to the
conditions provided for by the Law, the Company may be dissolved without
being liquidated in accordance with the provisions of Article 1865 bis,
paragraphs 2 and following of the civil code.

Art. 25.

Without prejudice to any other means of dissolution pursuant to the
Commercial Companies Law, in the event of winding up of the Company,
the Company shall be liquidated by one or more liquidator(s), which do not
need to be shareholders, and which are appointed by the shareholders,
which will determine their powers and fees. The liquidator(s) shall have the
most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and payment of the
liabilities of the Company.

The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment of
the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders as follows:

- any liquidation surplus (boni de liquidation) of the Company will be
allocated entirely to the holders of the first Class of Shares in issue
in the reverse alphabetical order (i.e. first Class J Shares, then if no
Class J Shares are in existence, Class | Shares and in such
continuation until only class A Shares are in existence). In the event
that no Classes of Shares are in issue, any liquidation surplus of the

Company will be allocated entirely to the holders of the Ordinary
Shares;

24


in case of liquidation losses (ma/i de liquidation) of the Company,
such liquidation losses will be allocated by priority to the holders of
the first Class of Shares in issue in the reverse alphabetical order
(i.e., first Class J Shares, then Class | Shares and in such
continuation until liquidation losses have been fully allocated to the
Classes of Shares) and then the balance of the liquidation losses will
be allocated to the holders of the Ordinary Shares. In the event that
no Classes of Shares are in issue, any liquidation losses will be
allocated to the Ordinary Shares;

in any event the shareholders of the Company are entitled to the
refund of at least their initial capital contribution to the Company
subject however to the occurrence of liquidation losses (ma/i de
liquidation).

For the purposes of the present article, liquidation surplus (boni de
liquidation) shall mean any amount available in excess of the initial capital
contribution made by the shareholders.

Applicable law

Art. 26. Reference is made to the provisions of the law for which no specific
provision is made in these Articles.

TRANSITORY PROVISIONS

The first financial year shall begin today and it shall end on 31 December

2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The Articles having thus been established, the above-named parties have
subscribed to one hundred thousand (100,000) shares, having a nominal
value of one euro (EUR 1) each, through contributions in cash, as follows:

25

GD&K Group Holding, prenamed : 1 (one) ordinary share, 1 (one)
class A share, 1 (one) class B share, 1 (one) class C share, 1 (one)
class D share, 1 (one) class E share, 1 (one) class F share, 1 (one)
class G share, 1 (one) class H share, 1 (one) class I share and1
(one) class J share, all having a nominal value of EUR 1 each.

GD&K Group, prenamed : 11,999 (eleven thousand nine hundred
ninety-nine) ordinary shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class A shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class B shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class C shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class D shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class E shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred


ninety-nine) class F shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class G shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class H shares, 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class I shares and 8,799 (eight thousand seven hundred
ninety-nine) class J shares, all having a nominal value of EUR 1
each.

Evidence of which has been given to the undersigned notary.

The amount of one hundred thousand euros (EUR 100,000) is as of now at
the free disposal of the Company.

ESTIMATION OF FORMATION EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, fees or charges of any kind whatever, which fall to be

paid by the Company as a result of its formation amount to one thousand
three hundred euros (EUR 1,300).

VERIFICATION

The notary executing this deed declares that the conditions fixed in Article
710-6 and in Article 710-7 (1) of the Commercial Companies Law have
been fulfilled.

GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

The appearing parties, representing the entire subscribed capital and
considering themselves as having been duly convened, immediately
proceeded to the holding of a general meeting. Having first verified that the
meeting was regularly constituted, the Shareholders passed the following
resolutions:

FIRST RESOLUTION

The following persons are appointed managers of the Company for an
undetermined duration:

- Henryk GAERTNER, born in Krakéw (Poland), on 30 March 1971
and professionally domiciled at ulica Mogilska 65/740, 31-545
Krakéw (Poland), as category A manager,

- Krzysztof BAJOLEK, born in Slomniki (Poland), on 27 February
1966 and professionally domiciled at ulica Mogilska 65/740, 31-545
Krakéw (Poland), as category B manager,

- Luis Rebelo DA SILVA, born in Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg), on 26 May 1977 and professionally domiciled at 42,
rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, as category C manager and
president of the board of managers of the Company; and,

26


- Maxime TANNOURI, born in Tassin-La-Demi-Lune (France) on 15
January 1988 and professionally domiciled at 42, rue de la Vallée, L-
2661 Luxembourg, as category C manager.

The Company shall be bound towards third parties by the sole signature of
its sole manager, and, in case of plurality of managers, by the joint
signature of one category A manager, one category B manager and one
category C manager .

SECOND RESOLUTION

It is resolved to set the registered office of the Company at 42, rue de la
Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

STATEMENT

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that at the request of the appearing parties, the present Articles
are worded in English followed by a French translation. At the request of the
appearing parties, in case of discrepancies between the English and the
French texts, the English version will prevail.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in Esch sur Alzette, on the day
named at the beginning of this document. The document having been read
to the proxy holders of the appearing parties, said proxy holders signed
together with the undersigned notary, the present original deed.

SUITE LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le septième jour du mois de décembre.

Par devant Maître Blanche Moutrier, notaire résidant a Esch-sur-Alzette,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soussigné.

Ont comparu :

(1) GD&K Group Holding, une société a responsabilité limitée de droit
luxembourgeois, ayant son siege social sis au 42, rue de la Vallée,
L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en cours
d’enregistrement aupres du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés
de Luxembourg, ici représentée par Madame Laure JACQUET,
employée privée, résidant professionnellement au 32A, rue Zénon
Bernard, L-4031 Esch-surAlzette, en vertu d’une procuration donnée
sous seing privé ; et

(2) GD&K Group, une société en commandite spéciale de droit
luxembourgeois, ayant son siege social sis au 42, rue de la Vallée,
L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en cours
d’enregistrement aupres du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés
de Luxembourg, ici représentée par Madame Sandra MANCINI,
employée privée, résidant professionnellement au 32A, rue Zénon

27


Bernard, L-4031 Esch-surAIzette, en vertu d’une procuration donnée
sous seing privé .
(ci-après définis en que « Associés »).

Lesdites procurations, après avoir été signées «ne varietur» par les
mandataires, et le notaire instrumentant, demeureront annexées au présent
acte pour être enregistrées avec celui-ci auprès des autorités de
l’enregistrement.

Les parties comparantes, représentées tel que décrites ci-dessus, ont prié
le notaire instrumentant d’établir les statuts suivants de la société à
responsabilité limitée qu'elles déclarent constituer comme suit:

Dénomination - Objet - Siège Social — Durée

Art. 1. Il est constitué par cet acte une société à responsabilité limitée (la
"Société"), régie par les présents statuts (les "Statuts") et par les lois
luxembourgeoises actuellement en vigueur (la "Loi"), notamment par celle
du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la " Loi
sur les Sociétés Commerciales"). La Société peut modifier sa forme
sociale sous réserve de respecter les dispositions applicables de la Loi sur
les Sociétés Commerciales.

Art. 2. La dénomination de la Société est "Verma Investments".

Art. 3. L'objet de la Société est :

(1) De prendre des participations et intérêts, sous quelque forme que ce
soit, dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises commerciales, industrielles,
financières ou autres, luxembourgeoises ou étrangères ;

(2) D'acquérir par voie de participation, d'apport, de souscription, d'achats
ou options, négociations ou sous quelque forme que ce soit tous titres,
droits et intérêts en propriété que la Société jugera opportuns ;

(3) De manière générale de les détenir, les gérer, les mettre en valeur,
vendre ou les céder, en tout ou en partie, pour la contrepartie que la
Société jugera adaptée, et en particulier contre les parts ou titres de toute
société les acquérant ;

(4) De conclure, d'assister ou de participer à des transactions financières,
commerciales ou autres ;

(5) D'octroyer à toute société holding, filiale, ou tout autre société liée d'une
manière ou d'une autre à la Société, ou toute autre société qui appartient
au même groupe de sociétés que la Société (les "Affiliées"), tous
concours, prêts, avances ou garanties (dans ce dernier cas, même en
faveur d'un tiers prêteur des Affiliées) ;

28


(6) D'emprunter ou de lever des fonds de quelque manière que ce soit, y
compris par voie d'émission d'obligations et de garantir le remboursement
de toute somme empruntée ;

(7) D'acheter des propriétés immobilières au sein du Grand-Duché du
Luxembourg ou à l'étranger, ainsi que de faire toute opération se rattachant
auxdites propriétés immobilières, y compris l'acquisition, le développement,
la promotion, la vente, la gestion et/ou le bail desdites propriétés. La
Société peut aussi, surtout dans le cadre de propriétés immobilières, rendre
des services, administratifs, techniques, financiers, économiques ou de
gestion à d'autres sociétés, personnes ou entreprises qui sont, directement
ou indirectement, sous le contrôle de la Société, ou qui sont, directement
ou indirectement, sous le contrôle des mêmes actionnaires de la Société ;

(8) Généralement de faire toutes les autres choses que la Société juge
circonstanciel ou favorable à la réalisation des objets ci-dessus ou de
chacun d’entre eux ; et

(9) La Société peut réaliser toutes opérations commerciales, techniques et
financières se rattachant directement ou indirectement à tous les domaines
décrits ci-dessus, afin de faciliter l’accomplissement de son objet.

Art. 4.

Art. 4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la commune de
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Art. 4.2 Le siège social de la Société pourra être transféré à tout autre
endroit dans le Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution de
l'assemblée générale extraordinaire des associés ou de l'associé unique
(selon le cas) adoptée selon les conditions requises par la Loi sur les
Sociétés Commerciales. Un transfert du siège social au sein de la même
commune peut aussi être décidé par une résolution du gérant unique ou, le
cas échéant, par le conseil de gérance. Dans le cas où la Société aurait
plusieurs associés, le gérant unique ou, le cas échéant, le conseil de
gérance, est autorisé à décider le transfert du siège social vers une autre
commune et de modifier ces Statuts afin de refléter le transfert de nouvel
emplacement du siège social.

Art. 4.3 La Société, par une résolution du conseil de gérance ou du gérant
unique (selon les cas) peut établir des bureaux ou succursales (sous forme
d'établissement permanent ou non) tant au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
qu'à l'étranger.

Art. 4.4 Au cas où le conseil de gérance ou le gérant unique (selon le cas)
estimerait que des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique,
économique ou social de nature à compromettre l'activité normale de la
Société à son siège social, ou la communication aisée avec ce siège ou de
ce siège avec l'étranger se sont produits ou sont imminents, il pourra

29


transférer provisoirement Ie siège social à l'étranger jusqu'à cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales ; ces mesures provisoires
n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société laquelle,
nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du siège, restera luxembourgeoise. De
telles mesures provisoires seront prises et portées à la connaissance des
tiers par le conseil de gérance ou le gérant unique (selon le cas) de la
Société.

Art. 5. La Société est constituée pour une durée indéterminée.

Art. 6. Le décès, l'interdiction, la faillite ou la déconfiture d'un des associés
ne mettent pas fin à la Société.

Art. 7. Les créanciers, représentants, ayants droit ou héritiers des associés
ne pourront, pour quelque motif que ce soit, requérir l'apposition de scellés
sur les biens et documents de la Société, ni s'immiscer en aucune manière
dans les actes de son administration. Ils doivent pour l'exercice de leurs
droits s'en rapporter aux inventaires sociaux et aux décisions des
assemblées des associés ou de l'associé unique (selon le cas).

Capital - Parts sociales
Art. 8.
Art. 8.1 Capital social en circulation

Le capital social s’élève à 100.000 EUR (cent mille Euros), représenté par
100.000 (cent mille) parts sociales ayant une valeur nominale de un Euro (1
EUR) chacune, divisé comme suit :

(1.i.i) 12.000 (douze mille) parts sociales ordinaires (les Parts
Sociales Ordinaires) ; et
(1 .i.ii) 88.000 (quatre-vingt-huit mille) parts sociales divisées en

10 (dix) classes comme suit :

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe A (les Parts
Sociales de Classe A) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe B (les Parts
Sociales de Classe B) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe C (les Parts
Sociales de Classe C) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe D (les Parts
Sociales de Classe D) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe E (les Parts
Sociales de Classe E) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe F (les Parts
Sociales de Classe F) ;

- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe G (les Parts
Sociales de Classe G) ;

30


- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe H (les Parts
Sociales de Classe H) ;
- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe | (les Parts
Sociales de Classe I) ;
- 8.800 (huit mille huit cents) parts sociales de classe J (les Parts
Sociales de Classe J).
L'ensemble des Parts Sociales de Classe A, des Parts Sociales de Classe
B, des Parts Sociales de Classe C, des Parts Sociales de Classe D, des
Parts Sociales de Classe E, des Parts Sociales de Classe F, des Parts
Sociales de Classe G, des Parts Sociales de Classe H, des Parts Sociales
de Classe I et des Parts Sociales de Classe J sera désigné collectivement
comme les Classes de Parts Sociales, ou individuellement une Classe de
Parts Sociales. L’ensemble des Parts Sociales Ordinaires et des Classes
de Parts Sociales sera désigné collectivement comme les parts sociales,
ou individuellement une part sociale.

Art. 8.2 Prime d’Emission

Les associés peuvent décider d'allouer tout ou partie de |a prime d'émission
versée lors de |a souscription de parts sociales à 'une ou plusieurs Classes
de Parts Sociales, ou Ie cas échéant aux Parts Sociales Ordinaires (Ia «
Prime d'Emission Allouée »). La Prime d'Emission Allouée est disponible
uniquement pour distribution aux détenteurs de Classes de Parts Sociales

ou, Ie cas échéant, de Parts Sociales Ordinaires auxquelles elle est
aHouée.

Art. 8.3 Droits économiques

Chaque Classe de Parts Sociales a les caractéristiques suivantes qui
conduisent principalement au raisonnement économique suivant :

=les Parts Sociales de Classe J donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par |a Société a compter
du jour de sa constitution jusqu'au jour Ie plus récent entre celui (i) du
rachat de |a Classe de Parts Sociales J ou celui (ii) de |a distribution de
bénéfices sous forme de dividendes conformément à I'article 21 .3 résultant
dans Ie rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Premier Rachat ») ;

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe | donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par |a Société a compter
du Premier Rachat jusqu'au jour Ie plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de
|a Classe de Parts Sociales | ou celui (ii) de |a distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à I'article 21.3 résultant dans Ie
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Deuxième Rachat »);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe H donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par |a Société a compter

31


du Deuxième Rachatjusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de
la Classe de Parts Sociales H ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Troisième Rachat»);

=les Parts Sociales de Classe G donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par la Société à compter
du Troisième Rachatjusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de
la Classe de Parts Sociales G ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Quatrième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe F donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par la Société à compter
du Quatrième Rachat jusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat
de la Classe de Parts Sociales F ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Cinquième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe E donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par la Société à compter
du Cinquième Rachat jusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat
de la Classe de Parts Sociales E ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Sixième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe D donnent droit aux bénéfices
nets et aux montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés
par la Société à compter du Sixième Rachat jusqu'au jour
le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de la Classe de Parts
Sociales D ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices sous
forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21 .3 résultant
dans le rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le «
Septième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe C donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par la Société à compter
du Septième Rachatjusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de
la Classe de Parts Sociales C ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Huitième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe B donnent droit aux bénéfices nets et aux
montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés par la Société à compter
du Huitième Rachat jusqu'au jour le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de

32


la Classe de Parts Sociales B ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices
sous forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21.3 résultant dans le
rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales (le « Neuvième Rachat»);

-=les Parts Sociales de Classe A donnent droit aux bénéfices
nets et aux montants distribuables réalisés ou comptabilisés
par la Société à compter du Neuvième Rachat jusqu'au jour
le plus récent entre celui (i) du rachat de la Classe de Parts
Sociales A ou celui (ii) de la distribution de bénéfices sous
forme de dividendes conformément à l'article 21 .3 résultant
dans le rachat de ladite Classe de Parts Sociales.

Art. 8.4. Augmentation et réduction du capital social

Le montant du capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou
diminué par une résolution de l’assemblée générale extraordinaire ou de
l’associé unique (le cas échéant) adoptée conformément aux conditions
requises pour la modification des Statuts.

Si la Société propose d’émettre de nouvelles parts sociales, elle
enverra une notice à chaque associé (la «Notice d’Emission »)
précisant:

- les modalités de l’émission des nouvelles parts sociales, y compris
le prix d’émission des nouvelles parts sociales (ou les modalités de
calcul du prix) ;

- Le nombre total de parts sociales à émettre (incluant une précision
quant à la ou les Classe(s) de Parts Sociales / Parts Sociales
Ordinaires concernées) ;

- La date à laquelle les sommes correspondant à la souscription des
nouvelles parts sociales devront être versées à la Société, cette date
ne pouvant être inférieure à 21 jours calendaires suivant la date de
la Notice d’Emission ; et

- Le nombre de nouvelles parts sociales auxquelles l’associé devrait
souscrire ou le mode de calcul déterminant ce nombre (l’offre aux
associés sera faite sur une base pari passu et au prorata du nombre
de parts sociales détenues par les associés selon les Classes de
Parts Sociales ou Parts Sociales Ordinaires immédiatement avant
cette offre), et la possibilité pour l’associé d’acquérir plus, ou moins,
de parts sociales que ce nombre.

Dans un délai de 15 jours calendaires à compter de la date de la Notice
d’Emission (la « Date Limite d’Acceptation »), un associé peut exercer
son droit de souscription aux nouvelles parts sociales visées au paragraphe

33


précédent en notifiant à la Société le nombre de nouvelles parts sociales
(et en indiquant le type: Parts Sociales Ordinaires/ Classe(s) de Parts
Sociales) auxquelles il souhaite souscrire. Si un associé ne donne pas de
réponse positive avant la Date Limite d’Acceptation, il perdra son droit à
souscrire aux nouvelles parts sociales offertes au titre du présent article.

Si un associé exerce son droit de souscription aux nouvelles parts sociales
en vertu du présent article, la Société, sous réserve de la réception du
montant de souscription correspondant, émettra en faveur de cet associé
le nombre de nouvelles parts sociales attribuées à cet associé.

Art. 9.

Art. 9.1 Les parts sociales de la Société sont sous forme nominative
uniquement.

Art. 9.2 Chaque part sociale confère un droit de vote identique et chaque
associé a des droits de vote proportionnels au nombres de parts sociales
qu'il détient.

Art. 9.3 Dans le cas de part(s) sociale(s) grevées d'un usufruit dûment
notifié à ou accepté par la Société conformément à l'article 1690 du code
civil, les droits de vote sont exercés par le nu-propriétaire sauf pour les
décisions relatives à l'allocation des bénéfices qui appartiennent à
l'usufruitier.

Art. 9.4 La Société ne reconnaitra qu'un seul détenteur par parts sociales.
Si une part sociale est détenue par plus d'une personne, la Société a le
droit de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits attachés à cette part sociale
jusqu'à ce qu'une personne ait été désignée comme détenteur unique
auprès de la Société. La personne désignée comme unique détenteur de la
part sociale auprès de la Société en toutes matières par tous les co-
titulaires de la part sociale est désignée en premier lieu dans le registre.

Seul le codétenteur d'une part sociale dont le nom figure en premier lieu
dans le registre, désigné par tous les codétenteurs de cette part sociale, a
le droit, en sa qualité de codétenteur désigné envers la Société de cette
part sociale détenue conjointement, d'exercer les droits attachés à cette
part sociale, notamment (i) de recevoir des notifications de la Société,
notamment des convocations relatives aux assemblées générales, (ii)
d'assister aux assemblées générales et d'exercer le droit de vote attaché
aux parts sociales détenues conjointement à ces assemblées et (iii) de
percevoir des dividendes pour les parts sociales détenues conjointement.

Art. 9.5 Les parts sociales émises sont inscrites dans le registre des
associés, qui est tenu par la Société ou par une ou plusieurs personnes
désignées par la Société, et ce registre contient le nom de chaque associé,
son adresse ou son siège social. Tout transfert de parts sociales
conformément à l'article 10 ci-après, est inscrit au registre des associés.

34


Chaque associé peut consulter le registre.
Art. 9.6 Rachat de parts sociales

La Société est autorisée à racheter une ou plusieurs Classe(s) de Parts
Sociales, à travers le rachat ou l’annulation de toutes les parts sociales
émises dans une/de telle(s) Classe(s) de Parts Sociales. Un tel rachat de
Classe(s) Sociales doit être effectué à travers une réduction du capital
social.

Le rachat et l’annulation des Classes de Parts Sociales seront (i) réalisés
dans l’ordre numérique inverse des Classes de Parts Sociales en
circulation (en commençant par les Parts Sociales de Classe J) et (ii)
toujours appliqués à l’intégralité des parts sociales de la Classe de Parts
Sociales concernée.

Un tel rachat des Classes de Parts Sociales sera effectué par voie de
résolution de l’assemblée générale extraordinaire des associés ou de
l’associé unique (le cas échéant) adoptée selon les conditions requises
pour modifier les Statuts.

En cas de réduction du capital social par rachat et annulation d’une Classe
de Parts Sociales (i) ladite Classe de Parts Sociales donne droit au
Montant Total d’Annulation (tel que défini ci-dessous) aux détenteurs
concernés au prorata de leur détention dans ladite classe (dans la limite
toutefois du Montant Disponible (tel que défini ci-dessous)) et (ii) les
détenteurs des parts sociales de la Classe de Parts Sociales rachetée et
annulée recevront de la Société un montant égal à la Valeur d’Annulation
par Part Sociale (telle que définie ci-dessous) pour chaque part sociale de
la Classe de Parts Sociales concernée détenue par eux et annulée.

En cas de rachat et d’annulation des parts sociales de la Classe de Parts
Sociales concernée, la Valeur d’Annulation par Part Sociale (telle que
définie ci-dessous) deviendra exigible et payable par la Société.

Montant Disponible signifie (i) le montant total du bénéfice net
de la Société, y compris les résultats
réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice,
pour lequel les comptes annuels ont été
approuvés, augmenté de (ii) la Prime
d’Emission Allouée allouée aux Classes de
Parts Sociales devant être annulées, ainsi
que toute prime d’émission librement
distribuable et toutes autres réserves
librement distribuables incluant tous les
fonds disponibles à la distribution plus tout
bénéfice reporté et sommes issues des
réserves disponibles, (iii) le montant de la

35


36

réduction de capital et de la réduction des
réserves légales liées aux Classes de Parts
Sociales devant étre annulées, sous réserve
que ce montant distribuable ne peut excéder
les sommes totales disponibles à la
distribution, tel que calculé conformément à
l’article 461-2 de la Loi ; mais réduite de (i)
toutes pertes (y compris des pertes
reportées) et (ii) toutes sommes devant être
placées en réserves conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi ou des Statuts,
chacune telle que définie dans les Comptes
lntérimaires correspondants (sans, afin
d’éviter toute incertitude, double décompte)
afin que :

AA= (NP + P+ CR) - (L+ LR)

Où:

AA = Montant Disponible

NP = Bénéfices nets (y compris le résultat
reporté), y compris les résultats réalisés
depuis la fin du dernier exercice, pour lequel
les comptes annuels ont été approuvés

P = la Prime d’Emission Allouée allouée aux
Classes de Parts Sociales devant être
annulées ainsi que toute prime d’émission
librement distribuable et toutes autres
réserves librement distribuables

CR = le montant de la réduction de capital et
de la réduction des réserves légales liées
aux Classes de Parts Sociales devant être
annulées

L = pertes (y compris les pertes reportées)

LR = toutes sommes devant être placées en
réserves conformément aux dispositions de
la Loi ou des Statuts.


Valeur d’Annulation par signifie le montant calculé en divisant le

Part Sociale

Comptes lntérimaires

Date des Comptes
Intérimaires

Montant Total d’Annulation

37

Montant d’Annulation Total par le nombre de
parts sociales en circulation dans les
Classes de Parts Sociales devant etre
rachetées et annulées.

signifie les comptes intérimaires de la
Société a la Date des Comptes Intérimaires
concernée.

signifie la date au plus tot 8 (huit) jours avant
la date de rachat et d’annulation de la
Classe de Parts Sociales concernée.

sera le montant déterminé par le gérant
unique, ou les gérants, le cas échéant, et
approuvé par l’assemblée générale des
associés ou de l’Associé Unique, le cas
échéant, sur la base des Comptes
Intérimaires concernés. Le Montant Total
d’Annulation pour chaque Classe de Parts
Sociales sera le Montant Disponible de cette
classe au moment de son annu|ation.
Néanmoins, le gérant unique, ou le Conseil,
le cas échéant, peut fournir un Montant Total
d’Annulation different du Montant Disponible
sous réserve toutefois que (i) le Montant
Total d’Annulation ne soit jamais supérieur a
ce Montant Disponible et ne soit jamais
inférieur a la somme des bénéfices nets (y
compris les résultats reportés et les résultats
réalisés depuis la clôture du dernier exercice
social pour lequel des comptes annuels ont
été approuvés), la Prime d’Emission Allouée
allouée à la Classe de Parts Sociales devant
être annulée, le montant de la réduction de
capital et des réserves légales liées aux
Classes de Parts Sociales devant être
annulées, après imputation des pertes (y
compris les pertes reportées) et toutes
sommes devant être placées en réserves
conformément aux dispositions de la Loi ou
des Statuts, (ii) un tel Montant Total
d’Annulation devra être notifié par le conseil
de gérance, ou le gérant unique, le cas
échéant, à tous les associés de la Société
par notification écrite et que (iii) ce Montant
Total d’Annulation n’a pas été contesté par
écrit par tout associé de la Société dans les
trois (3) jours suivants la réception de la


notification écrite par le Conseil, ou le gérant
unique, le cas échéant.

Sous réserve du rachat préalable de toutes les Classes de Parts Sociales,
la Société peut racheter les Parts Sociales Ordinaires.

Le rachat des Parts Sociales Ordinaires sera décidé par voie de résolution
prise en assemblée générale extraordinaire des associés ou de l’Associé
Unique (selon le cas), adoptée dans les conditions requises pour la
modification des Statuts.

Cependant, si le prix de rachat des Parts Sociales Ordinaires excède la
valeur nominale des Parts Sociales Ordinaires devant être rachetées, ce
rachat pourra seulement être décidé dans la mesure où ce prix de rachat
excédentaire n’excède pas le bénéfice total réalisé depuis la fin du dernier
exercice fiscal pour lequel les comptes annuels ont été approuvés,
augmenté des bénéfices reportés et des sommes issues des réserves
disponibles à cet effet, diminué des pertes reportées et de toutes sommes

devant être placées en réserves conformément aux exigences de la Loi ou
des Statuts.

Les Parts Sociales Ordinaires rachetées seront supprimées parla réduction
du capital social.

Art. 10
Art. 10.1 Transfert de parts sociales entre associés

Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

Aucune cession de parts sociales entre vifs à un tiers non-associé ne peut
être effectuée sans l'agrément donné par des associés représentant au
moins quatre-vingt-dix pourcents (90%) du capital social.

Si un associé souhaite céder ses part(s) sociale(s) à un tiers
(l’«Acquéreur Proposé »), cet associé doit envoyer une notification à la
Société et aux autres associés avec tous les détails pertinents relatifs à la
cession proposée, en ce inclus l'identité du cessionnaire, le prix de cession
(le "Prix de Cession Proposé"), et les autres conditions de paiement, la
date de vente proposée, le nombre de parts sociales à transférer à
l’Acquéreur Proposé, le cas échéant, les conditions applicables à la cession
(la « Notice de Transfer »).

Si la cession proposée n'est pas approuvée par les associés conformément
à cet Article, les associés peuvent dans un délai de trois (3) mois à partir de
la date de refus, acquérir les part(s) sociale(s) au prorata entre eux (sauf
accord contraire entre eux) ou faire acquérir les parts sociales par une

38


autre partie à un prix correspondant au Prix de Cession Proposé, à moins
que l'associé cédant ne renonce à la vente de sa (ses) ses part(s)
sociale(s). Sur demande du conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique (le cas
échéant), la période de trois mois peut être étendue pour une durée
maximale de six (6) mois par le magistrat présidant la chambre du Tribunal
d'Arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière
de référé.

Dans la mesure où les associés n'ont pas proposé d'acquérir des part(s)
sociale(s), la Société peut durant la même période et avec le consentement
de l'associé cédant, décider de réduire son capital social d'un montant
correspondant à la valeur nominale totale des parts sociales concernées en
rachetant et annulant ces parts sociales à un prix correspondant au Prix de
Cession Proposé.

Si après l'expiration des délais mentionnés ci-dessus, les parts sociales
n'ont pas été acquises ou rachetées en conformité avec les paragraphes
précédents, l'associé cédant est autorisé à librement céder sa (ses) part(s)
sociale(s) à l’Acquéreur Proposé au prix de cession et aux conditions qui
avaient été notifiées à la Société.

De plus, les dispositions de l'Article 710-13 de la Loi sur les Sociétés
Commerciales sont applicables.

En cas de décès, les parts sociales de l'associé défunt peuvent seulement
être transférées à de nouveaux associés dans la mesure où un tel transfert
a été approuvé par les associés restants détenant au minimum quatre-
vingt-dix pourcent (90%) des parts sociales détenues par les associés
restants. Une telle approbation n'est cependant pas requise dans le cas où
les parts sociales sont transférées soit à des parents, descendants ou au
conjoint survivant ou tout autre héritier légal de l'associé défunt.

Cependant, les parts sociales allouées en échange d'apports en industrie
ne peuvent être transférées ni aux associé(s) ni aux non-associé(s).

Art. 10.2 Droit de préemption

Un droit de préemption (droit de premier refus) est offert aux autres
associés.

Dans un délai de 15 jours calendaires à compter de la date de la Notice de
Transfer (la « Date Limite d’Acceptation du Transfert»), un associé peut
exercer son droit de souscription aux nouvelles parts sociales visées au
paragraphe précédent en notifiant à la Société le nombre de nouvelles
parts sociales auxquelles il souhaite souscrire. Si un associé n'a pas donné
sa notification avant le Date Limite d’Acceptation du Transfert, il perdra le
droit de souscrire aux nouvelles parts sociales offertes au titre du présent
article.

39


Art. 10.3

(i) Exceptions au droit de préemption

L’article 10.2 ne s’applique pas en cas : (i) d’un transfert de parts sociales
entre les associés, (ii) un transfert autorisé, c'est-à-dire un transfert de la
totalité de la participation d'un actionnaire dans Ie capital social de la
Société à une filiale contrôlée à 100 % (cent pourcent) par cet associé sans
changement de contrôle, (iii) d’un transfert par suite d'une succession
universelle (héritage en cas de personnes physiques et de transformations
d'entreprise (y compris fusions et acquisitions) en cas de personnes
morales, (iv) des contrats prénuptiaux (dont lesdits mid-nups) ou de
divorce, (v) d’un transfert de toutes les parts sociales par tous les associés
lors de la même opération.

(ii) Héritage

L'héritage des parts sociales de la Société est régi par les lois applicables,
mais avec l'engagement de l’associé que les héritiers multiples sont tenus
d'indiquer parmi eux une seule personne autorisée à exercer tous leurs
droits dans la Société ; toute transaction juridique avec cette personne ou
exécution de toute obligation par la Société dans la relation avec cette
personne a un effet juridique obligatoire également envers les autres
héritiers représentés.

Gérance

Art. 11 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants, qui n'ont pas
besoin d'être associés. Le ou les gérants sont nommés, révoqués et
remplacés par une décision de l'assemblée générale, adoptée par les
associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social.

Art. 11.2 Si plusieurs gérants ont été nommés, ils constituent un conseil de
gérance composé d'un ou de plusieurs gérants de catégorie A, d’un ou
plusieurs gérants de catégorie B et d’un ou plusieurs gérants de catégorie
C.

L'assemblée générale des associés ou l'associé unique (selon le cas) peut,
à tout moment et ad nutum, révoquer et remplacer tout gérant.

Art. 11.3 Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l'assemblée
générale des associés ou à l'associé unique (selon le cas) par la Loi ou les
Statuts seront de la compétence du conseil de gérance ou du gérant
unique (selon le cas).

Art. 11.4 Vis-à-vis des tiers, le gérant ou, en cas de pluralité de gérants, le
conseil de gérance, aura tous pouvoirs pour agir en toutes circonstances
au nom de la Société et pour réaliser et approuver tous actes et toutes
opérations en relation avec l'objet social de la Société dans la mesure où
les termes de ces Statuts auront été respectés.

40


Art. 11.5 La Société sera engagée par la seule signature du gérant unique,
et, en cas de pluralité de gérants, par la signature conjointe d'un gérant de
catégorie A, d'un gérant de catégorie B et d’un gérant de catégorie C, ou
par la signature conjointe ou la signature unique de toute(s) personne(s) a
qui ce pouvoir a été délégué par le conseil de gérance.

Art. 11.6 Le conseil de gérance, ou le gérant unique (selon le cas) peut
désigner un agent, gérante ou non, pour effectuer des tâches ou fonctions
particulières à tout niveau dans la Société. Le conseil de gérance ou le
gérant unique (selon le cas) déterminera les pouvoirs, les responsabilités et
la rémunération (s'il y a lieu) de cet/ces agent(s) et salariés de la Société, la
durée de son/leur mandat ainsi que toutes autres conditions de son/leur
mandat.

Art. 12.

Art.12.1 En cas de pluralité de gérants, |es décisions des gérants sont
prises en réunion du conseil de gérance. Toutes les réunions du conseil de
gérance auront lieu au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Art. 12.2 Le conseil de gérance peut désigner parmi ses membres un
président qui présidera la réunion et, qui en cas d'égalité des voix, n'aura
pas de vote prépondérant et pourra désigner un secrétaire, lequel n'est pas
nécessairement gérant, qui sera responsable de rédiger les procès-verbaux
des réunions du conseil de gérance ou de l'exécution de toute autre tâche
spécifiée par le conseil de gérance.

Art. 12.3 Le conseil de gérance se réunira sur convocation d'un gérant.

Art. 12.4 La convocation à toute réunion du conseil de gérance doit être
envoyée à chaque gérant au moins 3 (trois) jours avant la date prévue pour
la réunion, sauf en cas d'urgence, la nature de cette urgence devant être
déterminée dans le procès-verbal de la réunion du conseil de gérance.

Toute convocation devra spécifier l'heure et le lieu de la réunion et la nature
des activités à traiter.

Les convocations peuvent être faites aux gérants oralement, par écrit ou
par téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex, moyens électroniques ou par tout
autre moyen de communication approprié.

Art. 12.5 Chaque gérant peut renoncer à cette convocation par écrit ou par
téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex, moyens électroniques ou par tout autre
moyen de communication approprié.

Art. 12. 6 La réunion du conseil de gérance se tiendra valablement sans
convocation si tous les gérants sont présents ou dûment représentés.

41


Art. 12.7 Une convocation spécifique n'est pas requise pour les réunions
du conseil de gérance qui se tiendront à l'heure et au lieu précisés dans
une précédente résolution du conseil de gérance.

Art. 12.8 Tout gérant peut prendre part aux réunions des gérants en
désignant par écrit ou par téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex, ou moyens
électroniques un autre gérant pour le représenter.

Un gérant peut représenter plus d'un gérant au conseil de gérance sur la
base d’une procuration écrite. Aucun gérant ne peut transférer à un autre
son pouvoir de représentation, de la Société.

Art. 12.9 Les gérants peuvent participer à une réunion du conseil de
gérance par téléphone, vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication approprié permettant à l'ensemble des personnes
présentes lors de cette réunion de communiquer simultanément.

Une telle participation à une réunion du conseil de gérance est réputée
équivalente à une présence physique à la réunion des gérants et la réunion
est réputée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

Art. 12.10 Le conseil de gérance peut valablement délibérer et agir
seulement si la majorité des gérants y est présente ou représentée, en ce
inclus au moins un gérant de catégorie A, un gérant de catégorie B et un
gérant de catégorie C. Les décisions du conseil de gérance sont adoptées
à la majorité des gérants participant au conseil ou y étant représentés en
ce inclus au moins un gérant de catégorie A, d’un gérant de catégorie B et
un gérant de catégorie C.

Art. 12.11 Les délibérations du conseil de gérance sont transcrites dans un
procès-verbal, qui est signé par le président, si un président a été désigné,
ou par un gérant de catégorie A, d’un gérant de catégorie B et d’un gérant
de catégorie C. Les procurations, le cas échéant, resteront attachées au
procès-verbal de la réunion concernée.

Art. 12.12 Les résolutions écrites approuvées et signées par tous les
gérants auront le même effet que celles passées lors d’une réunion des
gérants.

Dans ce cas, les résolutions écrites peuvent être documentées soit dans un
seul document, soit dans plusieurs documents séparés comprenant le
même contenu. La Société peut, toutefois, émettre des extraits de ces
protocoles comprenant séparément plusieurs résolutions séparées ou
certaines parties de celles-ci.

Art. 12.13 Les résolutions écrites peuvent être transmises par courrier, fax,
câble, télégramme, télex, moyens électroniques, ou tout autre moyen de
télécommunication approprié.

42


Art. 12.14 Les résolutions écrites seront réputées approuvées au siège
social de la Société, et effectives à la date de la dernière signature du
gérant qui signe les résolutions écrites.

Art. 12.15 Conflit d’intérêt

Tout gérant qui a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt patrimonial
opposé à celui de la Société à l'occasion d'une opération relevant de la
compétence du conseil de gérance, doit informer le conseil de gérance de
ce conflit d'intérêts et doit faire mentionner cette déclaration au procès-
verbal de la réunion du conseil de gérance. Le gérant concerné ne pourra
pas prendre part aux discussions relatives à cette opération ou voter sur
cette opération. Un tel conflit d'intérêts devra être signalé à la prochaine
assemblée générale des associés avant qu'une telle assemblée ne vote sur
d'autres résolutions.

Lorsque la Société comprend un gérant unique, les opérations effectuées
entre la Société et le gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société
sont spécifiquement mentionnées dans les résolutions du gérant unique.

Quand, en raison d'un conflit d'intérêts, le nombre de gérants requis pour
délibérer et voter valablement n'est pas atteint, le conseil de gérance peut à
sa seule discrétion soit délibérer et prendre la décision à la majorité des
gérants n'étant pas dans une situation de conflit d'intérêts, soit décider de
soumettre la décision sur ce point spécifique à l'assemblée générale des
associés.

Les règles de conflit d'intérêt ne s'appliquent pas lorsque la décision du
conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique concerne des opérations courantes
conclues dans conditions normales.

Art. 13 Aucun gérant ne contracte dans le cadre de ses fonctions aucune
obligation personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par
lui au nom de la Société ; en tant que représentant de la Société, il n’est
responsable que pour l’exécution de son mandat.

Art. 14 La gestion journalière de la Société, ainsi que la représentation de
la Société relative à cette gestion journalière peuvent être déléguées à un
ou plusieurs gérants, directeurs ou autres agents, agissant individuellement
ou conjointement. Leur désignation, révocation et pouvoirs seront
déterminés par une résolution du conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique
(selon le cas).

Assemblée générale des associés

Art. 15

Art. 15.1 Sauf en cas de proposition de modification de ces Statuts, la
tenue d'une assemblée d'associés n'est pas obligatoire tant que le nombre
d'associés n'excède pas 60 (soixante). Dans un tel cas, chaque associé

43


recevra Ie texte entier de toute résolution ou décision à prendre, transmis
par écrit ou par téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex, moyens électroniques ou
par tout autre moyen de communication approprié. Chaque associé votera
par écrit.

Art. 15.2 Si le nombre d'associés est supérieur à 60 (soixante), les
décisions des associés sont prises par assemblée des associés. Dans un
tel cas 1 (une) assemblée générale sera tenue au minimum annuellement
au Grand-Duché du Luxembourg dans les 6 (six) mois suivant la clôture du
dernier exercice social. D'autres assemblées générales d'associés peuvent
être tenues à tout moment telle que spécifié dans la convocation à
l'assemblée.

Art. 16

16.1 Les assemblées générales des associés sont convoquées et des
résolutions écrites d’associés sont proposées par le conseil de gérance ou
par le gérant unique (selon le cas) ou, à défaut, par des associés
représentant plus de la moitié du capital social de la Société.

Art. 16.2 Des convocations écrites convoquant une assemblée générale et
indiquant l'ordre du jour sont faites conformément à la Loi et sont
adressées à chaque associé au moins 8 (huit) jours avant l'assemblée,
sauf pour l'assemblée générale annuelle pour laquelle les convocations
seront envoyées au moins 21 (vingt-et-un) jours avant la date de
l'assemblée.

Toutes les convocations doivent mentionner la date et le lieu de
l'assemblée générale.

Art. 16.3 Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à l'assemblée
générale et indiquent avoir été dûment informés de l'ordre du jour de
l'assemblée, l'assemblée générale peut se tenir sans convocation
préalable.

Art. 16.4 Tout associé peut se faire représenter à toute assemblée
générale en désignant par écrit ou par téléfax, câble, télégramme, moyens
électroniques ou tout autre moyen de télécommunication approprié un tiers
qui peut ne pas être associé.

Art. 16.5 Chaque associé a le droit de participer aux assemblées générales
des associés. Chaque part sociale donne droit à une voix aux assemblée
générales des associés.

Art. 16.6 Un associé peut individuellement décider de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de manière permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de
vote. L'associé qui y renonce est lié par une telle renonciation qui s'impose
à la Société dès sa notification à cette dernière.

44


Art. 16.7 Dans Ie cas où les droits de vote d'un ou plusieurs associés sont
suspendus conformément à cet Article ou dans le cas où un ou plusieurs
associés ont renoncé à leur(s) droit(s) de vote, de tels associés peuvent
participer à toute assemblée générale de la Société mais les parts sociales
qu'ils détiennent ne sont pas prises en compte pour la détermination des
conditions de quorum et de majorité devant étre respectées aux
assemblées générales de la Société ou pour déterminer si des résolutions
écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

Art. 16.8 Les associés peuvent participer à l'assemblée par conférence
téléphonique, conférence vidéo, ou tout autre moyen de communication
permettant leur identification, permettant aux personnes participant à
l'assemblée de s’entendre simultanément, et permettant une participation
effective de ces personnes à l'assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1)
associé ou son mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social
de la Société et l'assemblée sera réputée être tenue au siège social de la
Société.

Art. 16.9 Chaque associé peut voter à l'assemblée générale par un
formulaire de vote envoyé par la poste, courrier électronique, facsimile ou
tout autre moyen de communication, au siège social de la Société ou à
l'adresse spécifiée dans la convocation. Les associés peuvent uniquement
utiliser les formulaires de vote fournis par la Société qui contiennent au
moins le lieu, la date et l'heure de l'assemblée, l'ordre du jour de
l'assemblée, les propositions soumises au vote des associés, ainsi que
pour toute proposition trois cases permettant à l'associé de voter en faveur
de, contre, ou de s'abstenir en cochant la case appropriée.

Art. 16.10 Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne
montrent pas (i) un vote en faveur de ou (ii) un vote contre la résolution
proposée ou (iii) une abstention sont nuls concernant cette résolution. La
Société prendra uniquement en compte les formulaires de vote reçus le
jour précédant la date de l'assemblée générale à laquelle ils se rapportent.

Art. 16.11 Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions
supplémentaires qui doivent être remplies par les associés pour qu'ils
prennent part à toute assemblée générale des associés.

Art. 16.12 Une liste de présence doit être tenue à toutes les assemblées
générales des associés.

Art. 16.13 Les résolutions ordinaires des assemblées générales (ou les
résolutions proposées par écrit aux associés) sont valablement prises dans
la mesure où elles sont adoptées par des associés représentant 90% du

capital social, étant précisé que, pour délibérer ou agir valablement, des
associés représentant 90% du capital social doivent être au moins présents

ou représentés à cette assemblée. Ci-après figure une liste, non

45


exhaustive, des résolutions ordinaires, ainsi que des décisions essentielles
qui doivent être adoptées selon les mêmes conditions de vote :

46

-=Approbation des comptes annuels et de l'inventaire et du bilan
respectifs de la Société - Examen et approbation du rapport du
conseil de gérance sur |'activité de la Société, des comptes annuels
de la Société pour l'exercice écoulé et reconnaissance de
l'accomplissement des devoirs par les membres du conseil de
gérance ;

=Distribution de dividendes - distribution de bénéfices ou couverture
de pertes, étant entendu que l'assemblée générale des associés
peut décider de retenir sur la distribution une partie ou la totalité des
bénéfices (en les laissant à la Société au lieu de permettre la
distribution de dividendes) ;

-=Donner son consentement à l'achat ou à la vente de l'immeuble ou
de toute charge ;

=Nomination et révocation des gérants ;
-=Nomination et révocation des commissaires ;

-=Consentir à l'achat ou à la vente d'une entreprise ou à la constitution
d'une sûreté réelle (ad rem) (y compris le droit d'usufruit) d'une
entreprise ;

=Transfert ou nantissement des parts sociales ;
=Achat de parts sociales ou de participations dans d'autres sociétés ;

-=Réalisation de droits résultant de la participation de la Société dans
d'autres sociétés ou commandite ;

-=Conclusion de tout accord ou engagement dont la valeur dépasse
400.000,00 PLN (quatre cent mille Zlotys) - dans le cas d'un accord
pour une transaction continue, la valeur de la transaction sera la
valeur annuelle prévue de cette transaction et dans le cas de
contreparties périodiques, la valeur accumulée de ces contreparties
sur une année civile, sauf pour les transactions prévues dans les
pactes d’actionnaires ;

-=Conclusion de tout accord entre la Société et un associé ou un affilié
de l’associé, excédant une valeur transactionnelle de 200.000,00
PLN (deux cent mille Zlotys) -dans le cas d’un accord pour une
transaction continue, la valeur transactionnelle sera la valeur


annuelle prévue de cette transaction et dans Ie cas de contreparties
périodiques, la valeur accumulée de ces contreparties sur une
année civile ; dans tous ces cas, sauf dans les transactions prévues
dans une convention entre associés.

-=Octroi de préts par la Société.

-=Le traitement des employés ; le recrutement, y compris les

conditions d'emploi ainsi que le licenciement des cadres supérieurs,
et tous les changements dans la politique sociale et du travail.

-=Désignation des mandataires en vue de conclure des accords entre
la Société et les membres du conseil de gérance.

Si Ie quorum n'est pas atteint |ors d'une première assemblée ou d'une
première consultation, les associés sont immédiatement convoqués ou
consultés une seconde fois par lettre recommandée et les résolutions sont

prises à la majorité des voix exprimées, quelle que soit la fraction du capital
représentée.

Art. 16.14 Les décisions extraordinaires ne peuvent être prises que par des
associés représentant 90 % du capital social lors d'une assemblée
générale extraordinaire des associés, étant précisé que, pour délibérer ou
agir valablement, des associés représentant 90 % du capital social doivent
être au moins présents ou représentés à cette assemblée. Ci-après figure
une liste, non exhaustive, des résolutions à caractère extraordinaire :

- Modification des présents Statuts ;

- Transfert du siège social de la Société hors du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg ;

- Augmentations du capital social et réductions du capital social ;
- Changement de l’objet social de la Société ;
- Fusions de la Société avec une autre société ;

- Dissolution de la Société.

Si le quorum n'est pas atteint lors d'une première assemblée ou d'une
première consultation, les associés sont immédiatement convoqués ou
consultés une seconde fois par lettre recommandée et les résolutions sont
prises à la majorité des voix exprimées, quelle que soit la fraction du capital
représentée.

47


Art. 16.15 Un associé unique exerce seul les pouvoirs dévolus à
l'assemblée générale des associés par les dispositions de la Loi.

Art. 16.16 Excepté en cas d'opérations courantes conclues dans des
conditions normales, les contrats conclus entre l'associé unique et la
Société doivent être inscrits dans un procès-verbal ou établis par écrit.

Exercice social - Comptes annuels

Art. 17 L'exercice social commence le 1er janvier et se termine le 31
décembre.

Art. 18 Chaque année, au 31 décembre, le conseil de gérance ou le gérant
unique (selon le cas) établira le bilan qui contiendra l'inventaire des avoirs
de la Société et de toutes ses dettes et obligations annexe contenant le
résumé de tous ses engagements, ainsi que les dettes du (des) gérant(s),
du (des) commissaire(s) (s'il en existe) et du (des) associé(s) envers la
Société.

Dans le même temps le conseil de gérance ou le gérant unique (selon le
cas) préparera un compte de profits et pertes qui sera soumis à
l'assemblée générale des associés avec le bilan.

Art. 19 Chaque associé peut prendre communication au siège social de la
Société de l'inventaire, du bilan et du compte de profits et pertes.

Si le nombre des associés excède 60 (soixante), une telle communication
ne sera autorisée que pendant les 15 (quinze) jours précédant l'assemblée
générale annuelle des associés.

Surveillance de la société
Art. 20

Art. 20.1 Si Ie nombre des associés excède 60 (soixante), la surveillance
de la Société sera confiée à un ou plusieurs commissaire(s) aux comptes,
associé(s) ou non.

Art. 20.2 Chaque commissaire aux comptes sera nommé pour une période
expirant à la date de la prochaine assemblée générale annuelle des
associés, suivant sa nomination, se prononçant sur l'approbation des
comptes annuels.

Art. 20.3 A l'expiration de cette période, et de chaque période subséquente,
le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes pourra/pourront être renouvelé(s) dans
ses/leurs fonction(s) par une nouvelle décision de l'assemblée générale
des associés ou de l'associé unique (selon le cas) jusqu'à la tenue de la
prochaine assemblée générale annuelle des associés se prononçant sur
l'approbation des comptes annuels.

48


Art. 20.4 Lorsque les seuils de la loi du 19 décembre 2002 sur le Registre
de Commerce et des Sociétés tel que modifiée sont atteints, la Société
confiera le contrôle de ses comptes annuels à un ou plusieurs réviseur(s)
d'entreprises agréé(s) nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ou
l'associé unique (selon le cas), parmi les membres inscrits au registre

public des réviseurs d’entreprises agréés tenu par la Commission de
Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

Art. 20.5 Nonobstant les seuils ci-dessus mentionnés, à tout moment, un
ou plusieurs réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s) peuvent être nommés par
résolution de l'assemblée générale des associés ou l'associé unique (selon
le cas) qui décide des termes et conditions de son/leurs mandat(s).

Dividendes - Réserves

Art. 21

Art. 21.1 L'excédent favorable du compte de profits et pertes, après

déduction des frais, charges et amortissements et provisions, constitue le
bénéfice net de la Société.

Art. 21.2 Chaque année, 5% (cinq pourcent) du bénéfice net seront
affectés à la réserve légale. Ces prélèvements cesseront d'être obligatoires
lorsque la réserve légale aura atteint un dixième du capital social tel
qu’augmenté ou réduit le cas échéant, mais devront être repris si la réserve
légale est inférieure à ce seuil d’un dixième.

Art. 21.3 Le profit restant est réparti conformément à une décision de
l'assemblée générale des associés sur proposition du conseil de gérance.

Pour tout exercice au cours duquel la Société décide de distribuer des
dividendes prélevés sur les bénéfices nets et les réserves disponibles
résultant des résultats mis en réserve, et/ou la prime d'émission, le montant
affecté à ce titre sera distribué selon l'ordre de priorité suivant :

-=premièrement, les détenteurs des Parts Sociales Ordinaires
seront habilités à recevoir des distributions de dividendes
pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de 5% (cinq pour
cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales Ordinaires
qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe A seront
habilités à recevoir des distributions de dividendes pour
l'exercice en question, à hauteur de 4,5% (quatre virgule
cinquante pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales de Classe A qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe B seront
habilités à recevoir des distributions de dividendes pour
l'exercice en question, à hauteur de 4% (quatre pour cent)

49


de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Classe B qu'ils
détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe C seront habilités à recevoir
des distributions de dividendes pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de
3,5% (trois virgule cinquante pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales de Classe C qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe D seront
habilités à recevoir des distributions de dividendes pour
l'exercice en question, à hauteur de 3% (trois pour cent) de
la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Classe D qu'ils
détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe E seront habilités à recevoir
des distributions de dividendes pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de
2,5% (deux virgule cinquante pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales de Classe E qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe F seront habilités à recevoir
des distributions de dividendes pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de
2% (deux pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Classe F
qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe G seront habilités à recevoir
des distributions de dividendes pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de
1,5% (un virgule cinquante pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales de Classe G qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe H seront
habilités à recevoir des distributions de dividendes pour
l'exercice en question, à hauteur de 1% (un pour cent) de la
valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Classe H qu'ils
détiennent, ensuite,
=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe I seront habilités à recevoir
des distributions de dividendes pour l'exercice en question, à hauteur de
0,5% (zéro virgule cinquante pour cent) de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales de Classe I qu'ils détiennent, ensuite,

-=les détenteurs des Parts Sociales de Classe J seront habilités à recevoir le
solde de toute distribution de dividendes.

Lorsqu’a lieu une distribution de dividendes, la dernière Classe de Parts
Sociales en circulation à ce moment (dans l'ordre numérique inversé) sera
rachetée et annulée jusqu'à ce que seules les Parts Sociales Ordinaires
restent en circulation, auquel cas, cette règle ne s'appliquera pas.

Dans l'hypothèse où la totalité d'une Classe de Parts Sociales en
circulation (par ordre numérique inversé, en partant des Parts Sociales de
Classe J) aurait été annulée suite à son rachat ou à un autre titre au

50


moment de la distribution, Ie solde restant de toute distribution de
dividendes sera affecté à la dernière Classe de Parts Sociales en
circulation qui précède dans l'ordre numérique inversé (c’est à dire les
Parts Sociales de Classe I pour suivre l’ exemple).

Dans le cas où toutes les Classes de Parts Sociales ont été rachetées, un

dividende annuel est alloué a part égale à toutes les Parts Sociales
Ordinaires.

Art. 22 Conformément à l’article 710-25 de la Loi sur les Sociétés
Commerciales, les acomptes sur dividendes peuvent être distribués, à tout
moment, sous respect des conditions cumulatives suivantes :
(i) Un état comptable est établi par le conseil de gérance (les
«Comptes lntérimaires »). Ces Comptes lntérimaires sont
vérifiés par un auditeur interne ou externe lorsque la Société en a
un.

(ii) Ces Comptes lntérimaires constatent que des bénéfices et
d’autres réserves (y compris, notamment, les primes d’émissions
et les excédents de capital) sont disponibles à la distribution,
étant entendu que le montant à distribuer ne peut excéder les
bénéfices réalisés depuis la clôture du dernier exercice pour
lequel les comptes annuels ont été arrêtés, le cas échéant,
augmenté des reports bénéficiaires et réserves distribuables et
diminué des déficits reportables et du montant à affecter à la
réserve légale ;

(iii) Les décisions de distribuer des acomptes sur dividendes doivent
être prises par le conseil de gérance dans un délai de deux (2)
mois à compter de la date des Comptes lntérimaires ;

(iv) Les droits des créanciers de la Société ne sont pas menacés,
compte tenu des actifs de la Société ; et

(v) Lorsque les acomptes sur dividendes versés dépassent le
bénéfice distribuable à la fin de l'exercice, l'excédent constaté

lors de l'assemblée générale des associés est, sauf décision
contraire du conseil de gérance lors de la déclaration, considéré
comme un acompte sur dividendes futurs.

Distributions de prime d’émission et d’excédent de capital
Art. 23

Toutes distributions de prime d'émission ou d'excédent de capital sont
décidées par l'assemblée générale des associés conformément aux

51


dispositions de l'article 11, sans préjudice de toute distribution de
dividendes intérimaires (y compris sur prime d'émission et excédent de
capital) décidée par le Conseil conformément aux dispositions de l'article
22.

Dissolution - Liquidation
Art. 24.

Art. 24.1 L'assemblée générale des associés, selon les conditions requises
pour la modification des Statuts, ou l'associé unique (selon le cas), peut
décider de la dissolution de la Société.

Art. 24.2 Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, et conformément aux
conditions prévues par la Loi, la Société peut être dissoute sans être
liquidée conformément aux dispositions de l'Article 1865 bis, paragraphes 2
et suivant du code civil.

Art. 25.

Sans préjudice de tout autre mode de dissolution prévu par la Loi, en cas
de dissolution de la Société, celle-ci est liquidée par un ou plusieurs
liquidateurs, qui ne doivent pas nécessairement être associés, et qui sont
nommés par les associés, qui déterminent leurs pouvoirs et honoraires. Le
ou les liquidateurs ont les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation de
l'actif et le paiement du passif de la Société.

L'excédent résultant de la réalisation de l'actif et du paiement du passif est
réparti entre les associés de la manière suivante :

=tout boni de liquidation de la Société sera attribué
intégralement aux détenteurs de la première Classe de
Parts Sociales en circulation dans l'ordre numérique inversé
(c'est à dire en premier les Parts Sociales de Classe J, puis
si aucune Part Sociale de Classe J n'existe, les Parts
Sociales de Classe I et ainsi de suite jusqu'à ce que seules
les Parts Sociales de Classe A n'existent). Dans le cas où
aucune sous-classe de Parts Sociales de Classe A n'existe,
le boni de liquidation de la Société sera entièrement attribué
aux porteurs de Parts Sociales Ordinaires ;

-=en cas de mali de liquidation de la Société, ce mali de liquidation sera
attribué en priorité aux détenteurs de la première Classe de Part Sociale en
circulation dans l'ordre numérique inversé (c'est à dire en premier les Parts
Sociales de Classe J, puis les Parts Sociales de Classe I, et ainsi de suite
jusqu'à ce que le mali de liquidation ait été entièrement attribué aux sous-
classes de Parts Sociales de Classe A) puis le solde du mali de liquidation
sera attribué aux détenteurs des Parts Sociales Ordinaires. Au cas où

52


aucune Classe de Parts Sociales n'existe, Ie mali de liquidation sera
entièrement attribué aux Parts Sociales Ordinaires ;

-=dans tous les cas, les associés de la Société ont droit à la restitution d'au
moins leur apport en capital initial à la Société sous réserve cependant de
l'existence d'un mali de liquidation.

Aux fins du présent article, le boni de liquidation désigne tout montant
disponible dépassant l'apport initial au capital fait par les associés.
Droit Applicable

Art. 26 Il est renvoyé aux dispositions de la Loi lorsque les présents Statuts
ne contiennent aucune disposition spécifique.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice commence aujourd'hui et se termine le 31 décembre
2019.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les Statuts ayant ainsi été établis, les parties susvisées ont souscrit à cent
mille (100.000) parts sociales, d'une valeur nominale de un euro (1 EUR)
chacune, et les ont entièrement libérées par des apports en espèces,
comme suit :

 

GD&K Group Holding : 1 (une) part sociale ordinaire, 1 (une) part
sociale de classe A, 1 (une) part sociale de classe B, 1 (une) part sociale
de classe C, 1 (une) part sociale de classe D, 1 (une) part sociale de classe
E, 1 (une) part sociale de classe F, 1 (une) part sociale de classe G, 1 (une)
part sociale de classe H, 1 (une) part sociale de classe I, et 1 (une) part
sociale de classe J, toutes ayant une valeur nominale de 1EUR (un Euro)
chacune.

GD&K Group: 11.999 (onze mille neuf cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf)
parts sociales ordinaires, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf)
parts sociales de classe A, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf)
parts sociales de classe B, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf)
parts sociales de classe C, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-vingt-dix-
neuf) parts sociales de classe D, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-vingt-
dix-neuf) parts sociales de classe E, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-
vingt-dix-neuf) parts sociales de classe F, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent quatre-
vingt-dix-neuf) parts sociales de classe G, 8.799 (huit mille sept cent
quatre-vingt-dix-neuf) parts sociales de classe H, 8.799 (huit mille sept
cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf) parts sociales de classe I, 8.799 (huit mille sept

 

53


cent quatre-vingt—dix—neuf) parts sociales de classe J, toutes ayant une
valeur nominale de 1 EUR (un Euro) chacune.

La preuve des apports a été remise au notaire soussigné.

Le montant de cent mille Euros (100.000 EUR) est désormais à la libre
disposition de la Société.

ESTIMATION DES FRAIS D'ÉTABLISSEMENT

Les frais, coûts, honoraires ou charges de quelque nature que ce soit, qui
sont à la charge de la Société du fait de sa constitution, s'élèvent
approximativement à mille trois cents euros (EUR 1.300).

VERIFICATION

Le notaire qui signe cet acte déclare que les conditions fixées à l'article
710-6 et à l'article 710-7 alinéa 1 de la Loi sont remplies.

ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE DES ACTIONNAIRES

Les parties comparantes, représentant la totalité du capital souscrit et se
considérant comme dûment convoquées, procèdent immédiatement à la
tenue d'une assemblée générale. Après avoir vérifié que l'assemblée était
régulièrement constituée, les Associés ont adopté les résolutions
suivantes :

PREMIERE RESOLUTION

Les personnes suivantes sont nommées gérants de la Société pour une
durée indéterminée :

-=Henryk GAERTNER, citoyen polonais, né à Cracovie (Pologne) le
30 mars 1971 et résidant professionnellement à Cracovie au ulica
Kupa 12/78, 31-057 Cracovie, Pologne, en tant que gérant de
catégorie A;

-=Krzysztof BAJOLEK, citoyen polonais, né à Slomniki (Pologne) le
27 février 1966 et résidant professionnellement à Cracovie, au ulica
Nowa Gorka 14, PL 31-234 Cracovie, Pologne, en tant que gérant
de catégorie B ;

-=Luis Rebelo DA SILVA, né à Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg), le 26 mai 1977 et résidant professionnellement au 42,
rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, en tant que gérant de
catégorie B ; et

Maxime TANNOURI, né à Tassin-La-Demi-Lune (France), le 15
janvier 1988 et résidant professionnellement au 42, rue de la Vallée,
L-2661 Luxembourg, en tant que gérant de catégorie B.

54


La Société est Iiée envers les tiers par la signature unique de son gérant
unique et, en cas de pluralité de gérants, par la signature conjointe de 3
(trois) gérants dans la configuration suivante : (i) au moins un gérant de
catégorie A, (ii) au moins un gérant de catégorie B, et (iii) au moins un
gérant de catégorie C.

DEUXIÈME RESOLUTION

ll est décidé de fixer le siège social de la Société au 42, rue de la Vallée, L-
2661 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle |'ang|ais, déclare par la
présente qu'à la demande des parties, les présents articles sont rédigés en
ang|ais suivi d'une traduction francaise. En cas de divergence entre le texte
anglais et le texte français, la version ang|aise prévaudra a la demande des
parties.

EN CONSEQUENCE, le présent acte a été dressé à Esch-sur-Alzette, au
jour indiqué au début du présent document. Le document ayant été lu aux
mandataires des parties présentes, |esdits mandataire ont signé avec le
notaire soussigné, le présent acte original.

(signé) Sandra MANCINI, Laure JACQUET, Blanche MOUTRIER
Enregistré à Esch/Alzette Actes Civils, le 10 décembre 2018
Relation: EAC/2018/31377
Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75,00 €
Le Receveur (signé) Tania SCHMITT

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
délivrée a des fins administratives.
Esch-sur-Alzette, le 13 décembre 2018

55


