Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230563

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.49
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

White Nights
Société anonyme

Siège social :
L-3333 Hellange,

39, route de Bettembourg,

 

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 29 N OVEMBRE 2018

N UMERO 7064

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twenty-ninth Day of November.

Before Maitre Karine REUTER, notary residing in Luxembourg.

There appeared:

1) Mrs. Karin DITMEIJER, born on February 28th 1960 in Harlem (The
Netherlands), with address at L—9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg, and

2) Mrs. Cathalijne VAN DEN BROEK, born on August 15th 1996 in
Amstelveen (The Netherlands), with address at L-9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de
Schuttbourg.

Such appearing parties have requested the undersigned notary, to state as
follows the articles of association of a société anonyme, which are hereby
incorporated.

TITLE I.- DEN OMINATION , REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECT,
DURATION

Article 1

There is hereby established a company (the <<Company>>) in the form of a
société anonyme which will exist under the name of “White Nights”, société
anonyme.

Article 2

The registered ofﬁce of the company is established in the municipality of
Frisange.

The registered ofﬁce may be transferred to any other place in the municipality
by a decision of the board of directors.

If extraordinary political or economic events occur or are imminent, which
might compromise with the normal activity at the registered ofﬁce, or with easy
communication between this ofﬁce and abroad, the registered ofﬁce may be
declared to have been transferred abroad provisionally until the complete
cessation of these abnormal circumstances.

Such decision, however, shall have no effect on the nationality of the company.
Such declaration of the transfer of the registered ofﬁce shall be made and brought
to the attention of third parties by the organ of the Company which is best situated
for this purpose under such circumstances.

Article 3

The Company is established for an unlimited period of time.


Article 4

The purpose of the Company is the participation, under any possible forms, in
Luxembourg or foreign businesses and companies of any kind, be it commercial,
industrial, ﬁnancial or others, the acquisition of all kinds of securities and rights,
by the way of participation, investment, subscription, underwriting or option,
negotiation and all other ways, and especially the development and the acquisition
of patents and licenses, the management and the enforcement of these patents and
licenses, as well as all other rights related to these patents and licenses, or
completing these patents and licenses.The Company may grant to the companies
and businesses it takes interest in, assistance, loans and guaranties, and ﬁnally
may do all kind of operations and activities related directly or indirectly to its
corporate purpose.

Moreover, the company may take any decisions and carry out any actions
which the company deems useful to the accomplishment and the development of
its purposes, especially by borrowing, by issuing notes and bonds, and by lending
funds to the above mentioned companies.

In general, the corporation may carry out any commercial, industrial and
ﬁnancial operation, movable or immovable, as well as all transactions and
operations which it may deem useful to the accomplishment of its purpose.

TITLE II.- CAPITAL, SHARES

Article 5

The Company’s share capital is set at thirty thousand euro (30,000.-EUR) and
represented by seven hundred ﬁfty (750) “A” shares with a par value of twenty
euro (20,—EUR) each and seven hundred ﬁfty (750) “B” shares with a par value of
twenty euro (20, -EUR) each.

Shares "A" have the most extensive powers and entitle both voting rights and
dividends. Shares "B" only entitle to dividends without any limitation or
proﬁtability obligation. Shares "B" does not grant voting rights at general
meetings.

The authorized capital is set at ﬁve hundred thousand euro (500,000. - EUR),
which will be represented by twelve thousand ﬁve hundred (12,500) "A" shares
and twelve thousand ﬁve hundred (12,500) "B" shares with a par value of twenty
euro (20,—EUR) each.

The authorized capital and the subscribed capital of the company may be
increased or reduced by a decision of the general meeting of shareholders in the
manner required for amendment of the articles of statutes. In addition, the Board
of Directors is authorized, during the period of ﬁve years and starting from the
ofﬁcial publication of the statutes, to increase the subscribed capital one or several
times within the limits of the authorized capital. These capital increases may be
subscribed and issued in the form of shares with or without issue premium as
determined by the Board of Directors.

Similarly, the Board of Directors is authorized to issue the convertible or non-
convertible bonds, in the form of bearer or other bonds, under any name and for


payment in any currency, provided that any issue of convertible bonds can only be
carried out within the framework of the authorized capital.

The Board of Directors shall determine the nature, price, interest rate, issue and
redemption conditions and any other conditions relating thereto.

Certiﬁcates may be issued on single shares or on two or more shares, at the
shareholder’s option.

The shares are in registered or bearer form, at the shareholder’s option.

TITLE III.- MANAGEMENT

Article 6

The Company must be managed by a Board of Directors consisting of at least
three members, who need not be shareholders.

In the case where the Company is incorporated by a sole shareholder or if at
the occasion of a general meeting of shareholders, it is established that the
Company has only one shareholder left, the composition of the Board of Directors
may be limited to one member (the "Sole Director") until the next ordinary
general meeting of the shareholders noticing the existence of more than one
shareholder. A legal entity may be a member of the Board of Directors or may be
the Sole Director of the Company. In such a case, its permanent representative
shall be appointed or conﬁrmed in compliance with the Law.

The Directors or the Sole Director are appointed by the unanimous resolution
of the general meeting of shareholders for a period not exceeding six years and are
re-eligible. They may be removed at any time by unanimous resolution of the
general meeting of shareholders. They will remain in function until their
successors have been appointed. In case a Director is elected without mention of
the term of his mandate, he is deemed to be elected for six years from the date of
his election.

In the event of vacancy of a member of the Board of Directors because of
death, retirement or otherwise, the remaining Directors thus appointed may meet
and elect, by unanimity, a Director to ﬁll such vacancy until the next general
meeting of shareholders which will be asked to ratify such election.

The shareholder(s) may decide to qualify the appointed directors as class A
Directors (the "Class A Directors") or class B directors (the "Class B
Directors").

Article 7

The board of directors will elect from among its members a chairman.

The board of directors convenes upon call by the chairman, as often as the
interest of the Company so requires. It must be convened each time two directors
so request.

Article 8

The board of directors is invested with the broadest powers to perform all acts
of administration and disposition in compliance with the corporate object.


All powers not expressly reserved by law or by the present articles of
association to the general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of
the board of directors.

Any director having an interest in a transaction submitted for approval to the
Board of Directors conﬂicting with that of the company, shall advise the board
thereof and cause a record of his statement to be included in the minutes of the
meeting. He may not take part in these deliberations. At the next following
general meeting, before any other resolution is put to vote, a special report shall
be made on any transactions in which any of the directors may have had an
interest conﬂicting with that of the company.

If there is only one shareholder, the minutes shall only mention the operations
intervened between the Company and its Sole Director having an interest
conﬂicting with the one of the Company.

If there is only one Director, all such powers shall be reserved to the Sole
Director.

Article 9

Towards third parties, in all circumstances, the Company shall be, in case of a
Sole Director, bound by the sole signature of the Sole Director or, in case of
plurality of directors, by the single signature of any Director or by the single
signature of any person to whom such signatory power shall be delegated by the
Board of Directors or the Sole Director of the Company, but only within the limits
of such power.

Towards third parties, in all circumstances, the Company shall also be, in case
if a managing director has been appointed in order to conduct the daily
management and affairs of the Company and the representation of the Company
for such daily management and affairs, bound by the sole signature of the
managing director, but only within the limits of such power.

However, if the shareholder(s) have qualified the directors as Class A Directors
or Class B Directors, the Company will only be bound towards third parties by the
sole signatures of a Class A Director. A class B Director can only bound the
company with the joint signature of a Class A Director.

Article 10

The board of directors may delegate its powers to conduct the daily
management of the Company to one or more directors, who will be called
managing directors.

It may also commit the management of all the affairs of the Company or of a
special branch to one or more managers, and give special powers for determined
matters to one or more proxyholders, selected from its own members or not, either
shareholders or not.

w

Any litigations involving the Company either as plaintiff or as defendant, will
be handled in the name of the Company by the board of directors, represented by
its chairman or by the director delegated for its purpose.


Article 12

The Company may have a sole shareholder at the time of its incorporation or
when all of its shares come to be held by a single person. The death or dissolution
of the sole shareholder does not result in the dissolution of the company.

If there is only one shareholder, the sole shareholder assumes all powers
conferred to the general meeting of Shareholders and takes the decisions in
writing.

In case of plurality of shareholders, the general meeting of Shareholders shall
represent the entire body of Shareholders of the Company. It shall have the
broadest powers to order, carry out or ratify acts relating to the operations of the
Company.

Any general meeting shall be convened in compliance with the Law.

The general meeting shall only be convened by means of the shareholders
representing the totality of the corporate capital.

In case that all the shareholders are present or represented and if they state that
they have been informed of the agenda of the meeting, they may waive all
convening requirements and formalities of publication.

A shareholder may be represented at a shareholders' meeting by appointing in
writing (or by fax or e-mail or any similar means) an attorney who need not to be
a shareholder and is therefore entitled to vote by proxy.

The shareholders are entitled to participate to the meeting by videoconference
or by telecommunications means allowing their identification, and are deemed to
be present, for the quorum conditions and the majority. These means must comply
with technical features guaranteeing an effective participation to the meeting
whereof the deliberations are transmitted in a continuing way.

All decisions by the annual or ordinary general meeting of Shareholders shall
be taken by unanimity of the votes.

When the company has a sole shareholder, his decisions are written
resolutions.

An extraordinary general meeting convened to amend any provisions of the
Articles shall not validly deliberate unless at least one half of the capital is
represented and the agenda indicates the proposed amendments to the Articles. If
the ﬁrst of these conditions is not satisﬁed, a second meeting may be convened, in
the manner prescribed by the Articles or by the Law. Such convening notice shall
reproduce the agenda and indicate the date and the results of the previous meeting.
The second meeting shall validly deliberate regardless of the proportion of the
capital represented. At both meetings, resolutions, in order to be adopted, must be
adopted by a two-third majority of the Shareholders present or represented.

However, the commitments of its Shareholders may be increased only with the
unanimous consent of all the Shareholders and in compliance with any other legal

requirement.
TITLE IV.- SUPERVISION
Article 13


The Company is supervised by one or several statutory auditors, appointed by
the general meeting of shareholders which will ﬁx their number and their
remuneration, as well as the term of their ofﬁce, which must not exceed six years.

TITLE V.- GENERAL MEETING

Article 14

The annual meeting will be held in the commune of the registered ofﬁce at the
place speciﬁed in the convening notices on the third day of May at 10:00 am.

If such day is a legal holiday, the general meeting will be held on the next

following business day.
TITLE VI.- ACCOUNTING YEAR, ALLOCATION OF PROFITS

Article 15

The accounting year of the Company shall begin on the ﬁrst day of January of
each year and shall terminate on the last day of December of the same year.

Article 16

After deduction of any and all of the expenses of the Company and the
amortizations, the credit balance represents the net proﬁts of the Company. Of the
net proﬁts, ﬁve percent (5%) shall be appropriated for the legal reserve; this
deduction ceases to be compulsory when the reserve amounts to ten percent (10%)
of the capital of Company, but it must be resumed until the reserve is entirely
reconstituted if, at any time, for any reason whatsoever, it has been touched.

The balance is at the disposal of the general meeting.

TITLE VII.- DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

Article 17

The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the general meeting of
shareholders. The liquidation will be carried out by one or more liquidators,
physical or legal persons, appointed by the general meeting of shareholders which
will specify their powers and ﬁx their remunerations.

Article 18

In the event of death of a shareholder, the company shall be dissolved within
six months as of the shareholder’s death, unless the surviving shareholders decide
to continue the company.

For such purposes, upon the death of a shareholder, Board of Director shall call
a shareholders meeting within a three months period. Any decision to continue the
company must be taken by shareholders representing two-thirds (2/3) of
company’s voting capital.

TITLE VIII.- GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 19

As regards the matters which are not speciﬁed in the present articles, the
parties refer and submit to the provisions of the Luxembourg law of August 10th,
191 5 on commercial companies.

Special dispositions
The Company’s ﬁrst ﬁnancial year runs from the date of incorporation and

ends on December 31“, 2018.


mm
The articles of association having thus been established, all the shares have

been subscribed as follow:

1) Mrs. Karin DITMEIJER, prenamed,

749 Class A Shares and 749 Class B Shares
2) Mrs. Cathalij ne VAN DEN BROEK , prenamed,
1 Class A Shares and 1 Class B Shares

TOTAL: 750 Class A Shares and 750 Class B Shares

All the shares have been paid up to the extent of one hundred percent (100%)
by payment in cash, so that the amount of thirty thousand euros (EUR 30,000) is
now available to the corporation, evidence thereof having been given to the
notary.

Statement of notary

The undersigned notary states that the conditions provided for in article 420-1
as amended of the law of August 10, 1915 on commercial companies have been
observed.

Costs
The aggregate amount of the costs, expenditures, remunerations or expenses, in

 

any form whatsoever, which the corporation incurs or for which it is liable by
reason of its organisation, is approximately one thousand ﬁve hundred euros
(EUR 1,500).

All signing and/or appearing parties recognize that they are liable for the
payment of these fees.

Extraordinary general meeting
The above named persons, representing the entire subscribed capital and

considering themselves as duly convoked, have immediately proceeded to hold an
extraordinary general meeting.

Having ﬁrst veriﬁed that it was regularly constituted, they have passed the
following resolutions by unanimous vote:

1. The number of directors is ﬁxed at three (3).

2. The following are appointed Class A director for a period of six (6) years:

- Mrs. Karin DITMEIJER, born Feb 28th 1960 in Harlem (The Netherlands),
with address at L-9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg, and

- Mrs. Cathalijne VAN DEN BROEK, born on August 15th 1996 in
Amstelveen (The Netherlands), with address at L-9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de
Schuttbourg.

3. The following is appointed Class B director for a period of six (6) years:

- Mr. Devaughn MEUWISSEN, born on May 6th 1994 in Maastricht
(Netherlands), with address at L-3333 Hellange, 39, route de Bettembourg.

4. The number of statutory auditors is set at one (1).

Is appointed as statutory auditor for a period of six (6) years:


- << FOP COGEST GROUPE FIDCUDIARE >>, with address at L-808O
Betrange, 1, rue Pletzer, registered on the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés
under number B 186.074.

5 . The registered ofﬁce of the company is established in L-3333 Hellange, 39,
route de Bettembourg.

The undersigned notary who knows and speaks English, stated that on request
of the appearing person, the present deed has been worded in English followed by
a French version; on request of the same person and in case of divergences
between the English and the French text, the English text will prevail.

Whereupon, the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg by the undersigned
notary, on the day referred to at the beginning of this document.

This notarial deed, having been read to the appearing parties, who are known to
the notary by their surname, name, civil status and residences, they signed the
present deed together with the notary.

Suit la traduction française du texte gui précède:
L’an deux mil dix-huit, le Vingt-neuf novembre.

Pardevant Maître Karine REUTER, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg
Ont comparu :

1) Mme Karin DITMEIJER, née le 28 février 1960 à Harlem (Pays-Bas),
demeurant à L-9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg et

2) Mme. Cathalijne VAN DEN BROEK , née le 15 août 1996 à Amstelveen
(Pays-Bas), demeurant à L-9663 Kautenbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg.

Lesquelles parties comparantes ont requis le notaire instrumentant d'arrêter
ainsi qu'il suit les statuts d'une société anonyme qu’elles déclarent constituer.

TITRE I: DEN OMINATION , SIEGE SOCIAL= DUREE= OBJET

Article 1

Il est formé par les présentes une société anonyme sous la dénomination de
«White Nights >>, société anonyme.

Article 2

Le siège de la société est établi dans la commune de Frisange.

Il pourra être transféré dans tout autre lieu de la commune par simple décision
du conseil d'administration.

Au cas où des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique ou économique, de
nature à compromettre l'activité normale au siège social ou la communication
aisée de ce siège avec l'étranger se produiront ou seront imminents, le siège social
pourra être déclaré transféré provisoirement à l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales.

Une telle décision n'aura d'effet sur la nationalité de la société. La déclaration
de transfert du siège sera faite et portée à la connaissance des tiers par l'organe de
la société qui se trouvera le mieux placé à cet effet dans les circonstances données.

Article 3

La société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

Article 4


La société a pour objet la participation, sous quelque forme que ce soit, dans
toutes entreprises commerciales, industrielles, ﬁnancières ou autres,
luxembourgeoises ou étrangères, l’acquisition de tous titres et droits par voie de
participation, d’apport, de souscription, de prise ferme ou d’option d’achat, de
négociation et de toute autre manière, et notamment le développement ainsi que
l’acquisition de brevets et licences, leur gestion et leur mise en valeur de ceux-ci
et de tous autres droits se rattachant à ces brevets et licences ou pouvant les
compléter, de même que l’octroi aux entreprises auxquelles elle s’intéresse, de
tous concours, prêts, avances ou garanties, enﬁn toute activité et toutes opérations
généralement quelconques, se rattachant directement ou indirectement à son objet.

D’une façon générale, la société peut prendre toutes mesures et faire toutes
opérations qu’elle jugera utiles à l’accomplissement et au développement de son
objet, notamment en empruntant en toutes monnaies, par voie d’émission et
d’obligations et en prêtant aux sociétés dont il est question à l’alinéa précédent.

La société pourra faire en outre toutes opérations commerciales, industrielles et
ﬁnancières, tant mobilières qu’immobilières dans tous secteurs, qui peuvent lui
paraître utiles à l’accomplissement de son objet.

TITRE II: CAPITAL, ACTIONS

Article 5

Le capital social est ﬁxé à trente mille euros (30.000,- EUR) représenté par
sept cent cinquante (750) actions de catégorie A d'une valeur nominale de vingt
euros (20,-EUR) chacune et de sept cent cinquante (750) actions de catégorie B
d'une valeur nominale de vingt euros (20,- EUR) chacune.

La classe d'action A a les pouvoirs les plus étendus et donne droit tant au droit
de vote qu'aux dividendes. La classe d'action B ne donne droit qu'au dividende
sans limitation ni obligation de rendement. La classe d'action B ne donne aucun
droit de vote aux assemblées générales.

Le capital autorisé est ﬁxé à cinq cent mille euros (500.000.- EUR) qui sera
représenté par douze mille cinq cents (12.500) actions A et de douze mille cinq
cent (12.500) actions B d'une valeur nominale de vingt euros (20,- EUR) chacune.

Le capital autorisé et le capital souscrit de la société peuvent être augmentés ou
réduits par décision de l'assemblée générale des actionnaires statuant comme en
matière de modiﬁcation des statuts. En outre, le conseil d'administration est,
pendant une période de cinq ans à partir de la publication des statuts, autorisé à
augmenter en une ou plusieurs fois le capital souscrit à l'intérieur des limites du
capital autorisé. Ces augmentations de capital peuvent être souscrites et émises
sous forme d'actions avec ou sans prime d'émission ainsi qu'il sera déterminé par
le conseil d'administration.

De même, le conseil d'administration est autorisé à émettre des emprunts
obligataires convertibles ou non sous forme d'obligations au porteur ou autre, sous
quelque dénomination que ce soit et payables en quelque monnaie que ce soit,
étant entendu que toute émission d'obligations convertibles ne pourra se faire que
dans le cadre du capital autorisé.


Le conseil d'administration déterminera la nature, le prix, le taux d'intérêt, les
conditions d'émission et de remboursement et toutes autres conditions y ayant
trait.

Les actions de la société peuvent être créées, au choix du propriétaire, en titres
unitaires ou en titres représentatifs de plusieurs actions.

Les actions sont nominatives ou au porteur, au choix de l’actionnaire.

TITRE III: ADMINISTRATION

Article 6

La Société doit être administrée par un Conseil d’Administration composé de
trois membres au moins, actionnaires ou non.

Si la Société est établie par un actionnaire unique ou si à l'occasion d'une
assemblée générale des actionnaires, il est constaté que la Société a seulement un
actionnaire restant, le Conseil d'Administration peut être réduit à un
Administrateur (L'"Administrateur Unique") jusqu'à la prochaine assemblée
générale des actionnaires constatant l'existence de plus d'un actionnaire. Une
personne morale peut être membre du Conseil d'Administration ou peut être
l'Administrateur Unique de la Société. Dans un tel cas, son représentant
permanent sera nommé ou conﬁrmé en conformité avec la Loi.

Les Administrateurs ou l'Administrateur Unique sont nommés par décision
unanime de l'assemblée générale des actionnaires pour une période n'excédant pas
six ans et sont rééligibles. Ils peuvent être révoqués à tout moment par par
décision unanime de l'assemblée générale des actionnaires. Ils restent en fonction
jusqu’à ce que leurs successeurs soient nommés. Les Administrateurs élus sans
indication de la durée de leur mandat, seront réputés avoir été élus pour un terme
de six ans.

En cas de vacance du poste d'un administrateur pour cause de décès, de
démission ou autre raison, les administrateurs restants nommés de la sorte peuvent
se réunir et pourvoir à son remplacement, à l'unanimité des votes, jusqu'à la
prochaine assemblée générale des actionnaires portant ratiﬁcation du
remplacement effectué.

Les actionnaires peuvent décider de nommer qualiﬁer les administrateurs
nommés en tant qu'administrateurs de catégorie A (les "Administrateurs de
catégorie A") ou administrateurs de catégorie B (les "Administrateurs de
catégorie B").

Article 7

Le conseil d'administration choisit parmi ses membres un président.

Le conseil d'administration se réunit sur la convocation du président, aussi
souvent que l'intérêt de la société l'exige. Il doit être convoqué chaque fois que
deux administrateurs le demandent.

Article 8

Le Conseil d’Administration est investi des pouvoirs les plus larges de passer
tous actes d’administration et de disposition dans l’intérêt de la Société.

10


Tous pouvoirs que la Loi ne réserve pas expressément à l’assemblée générale
des Actionnaires sont de la compétence du Conseil d’Administration.

Tout Administrateur qui a un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société, dans une
opération soumise à l'approbation du Conseil d'Administration, est tenu d'en
prévenir le conseil et de faire mentionner cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal
de la séance. Il ne peut prendre part à cette délibération. Lors de la prochaine
assemblée générale, avant tout vote sur d'autres résolutions, il est spécialement
rendu compte des opérations dans lesquelles un des Administrateurs aurait eu un
intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

En cas d'un Actionnaire Unique, il est seulement fait mention dans un procès-
verbal des opérations intervenues entre la Société et son Administrateur ayant un
intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

En cas d'Administrateur Unique, tous ces pouvoirs seront réservés à cet
Administrateur Unique.

Article 9

Envers les tiers, en toutes circonstances, la Société sera engagée, en cas
d'Administrateur Unique, par la signature unique de son Administrateur Unique
ou, en cas de pluralité d'administrateurs, par la signature unique de tout
administrateur ou par la signature unique de toute personne à qui le pouvoir de
signature aura été délégué par le Conseil d’Administration ou par l'Administrateur
Unique de la Société, mais seulement dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

Envers les tiers, en toutes circonstances, la Société sera engagée, en cas
d'Administrateur-délégué nommé pour la gestion et les opérations courantes de la
Société et pour la représentation de la Société dans la gestion et les opérations
courantes, par la seule signature de l'Administrateur-délégué, mais seulement dans
les limites de ce pouvoir.

Cependant, si le ou les actionnaires ont qualiﬁé les administrateurs en tant
qu'Administrateurs de catégorie A et Administrateurs de catégorie B, la Société
sera engagée envers les tiers seulement par la signature unique d’un
Administrateur de catégorie A. Un Administrateur de catégorie B peut seulement
engager la société avec la signature obligatoirement conjointe d’un Administrateur
de catégorie A.

Article 10

Le conseil d'administration peut déléguer la gestion journalière de la société à
un ou plusieurs administrateurs qui prendront la dénomination d'administrateurs-
délégués.

Il peut aussi conﬁer la direction de l'ensemble ou de telle partie ou branche
spéciale des affaires sociales à un ou plusieurs directeurs, et donner des pouvoirs
spéciaux pour des affaires déterminées à un ou plusieurs fondés de pouvoirs,

choisis dans ou hors son sein, associés ou non.
@

ll


Les actions judiciaires, tant en demandant qu'en défendant, sont suivies au nom
de la société par le conseil d'administration, poursuites et diligences de son
président ou d'un administrateur délégué à ces ﬁns.

Article 12

La Société peut avoir un actionnaire unique lors de sa constitution. Il en est de
même lors de la réunion de toutes ses actions en une seule main. Le décès ou la
dissolution de l'actionnaire unique n'entraîne pas la dissolution de la société.

S'il y a seulement un actionnaire, l'actionnaire unique assure tous les pouvoirs
conférés à l'assemblée générale des actionnaires et prend les décisions par écrit.

En cas de pluralité d'actionnaires, l'assemblée générale des actionnaires
représente tous les actionnaires de la Société. Elle a les pouvoirs les plus étendus
pour ordonner, exécuter ou ratiﬁer tous les actes relatifs à l’activité de la Société.

Toute assemblée générale sera convoquée conformément aux dispositions
légales.

Elles doivent être convoquées uniquement sur demande d'Actionnaires
représentant l'ensemble du capital social.

Lorsque tous les actionnaires sont présents ou représentés et s’ils déclarent
avoir pris connaissance de l’agenda de l’assemblée, ils pourront renoncer aux
formalités préalables de convocation.

Un actionnaire peut être représenté à l'assemblée générale des actionnaires en
nommant par écrit (ou par fax ou par e-mail ou par tout moyen similaire) un
mandataire qui ne doit pas être un actionnaire et est par conséquent autorisé à
voter par procuration.

Les actionnaires sont autorisés à participer à une assemblée générale des
actionnaires par visioconférence ou par des moyens de télécommunications
permettant leur identiﬁcation et sont considérés comme présent, pour les
conditions de quorum et de majorité. Ces moyens doivent satisfaire à des
caractéristiques techniques garantissant une participation effective à l'assemblée
dont les délibérations sont retransmises de façon continue.

Les décisions prises par l’assemblée ordinaire des actionnaires sont adoptées à
l'unanimité des voix.

Lorsque la société a un actionnaire unique, ses décisions sont des résolutions
écrites.

Une assemblée générale extraordinaire des actionnaires convoquée aux ﬁns de
modiﬁer une disposition des Statuts ne pourra valablement délibérer que si au
moins la moitié du capital est présente ou représentée et que l’ordre du jour
indique les modiﬁcations statutaires proposées. Si la première de ces conditions
n'est pas remplie, une seconde assemblée peut être convoquée, dans les formes
prévues par les Statuts ou par la loi. Cette convocation reproduit l'ordre du jour, en
indiquant la date et le résultat de la précédente assemblée. La seconde assemblée
délibère valablement, quelle que soit la proportion du capital représenté. Dans les
deux assemblées, les résolutions, pour être valables, doivent être adoptées par une
majorité de deux tiers des Actionnaires présents ou représentés.

12


Cependant, l’augmentation ou la réduction des engagements des actionnaires
ne peuvent être décidées qu’avec l’accord unanime des actionnaires et sous

réserve du respect de toute autre disposition légale.
TITRE IV: SURVEILLANCE

Article 13

La société est surveillée par un ou plusieurs commissaires nommés par
l'assemblée générale, qui fixe leur nombre et leur rémunération, ainsi que la durée
de leur mandat, qui ne peut excéder six années.

TITRE V: ASSEMBLEE GENERALE

Article 14

L'assemblée générale annuelle se réunit dans la commune du siège social, à
l'endroit indiqué dans les convocations, le troisième jour du mois de mai à 10
heures.

Si ce jour est un jour férié légal, l'assemblée générale a lieu le premier jour
ouvrable suivant.

TITRE VI: ANNEE SOCIALE, REPARTITION DES BENEFICES

Article 15

L'année sociale commence le 1er janvier de chaque année et se termine le 31
décembre de cette même année.

Article 16

L'excédent favorable du bilan, défalcation faite des charges sociales et des
amortissements, forme le bénéﬁce net de la société. Sur ce bénéﬁce, il est prélevé
cinq pour cent (5%) pour la formation du fonds de réserve légale; ce prélèvement
cesse d'être obligatoire lorsque la réserve aura atteint le dixième du capital social,
mais devrait toutefois être repris jusqu'à entière reconstitution, si à un moment
donné et pour quelque cause que ce soit, le fonds de réserve avait été entamé.

Le solde est à la disposition de l'assemblée générale.

TITRE VII: DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

Article 17

La société peut être dissoute par décision de l'assemblée générale. Lors de la
dissolution de la société, la liquidation s'effectuera par les soins d'un ou de
plusieurs liquidateurs, personnes physiques ou morales, nommés par l'assemblée
générale qui détermine leurs pouvoirs et leurs émoluments.

Article 18

En cas de décès d'un actionnaire, la Société sera dissoute dans les six mois
après le décès à moins que les actionnaires survivants décident de continuer les
activités de la Société.

Dans ce contexte, suite au décès d'un actionnaire, le Conseil d'Administration
devra convoquer une assemblée générale des actionnaires dans un délai de trois
mois. Toute décision de continuer les activités de la Société doit être prise par les
actionnaires représentant deux-tiers (2/3) des droits de vote de la Société.

TITRE VIII: DISPOSITIONS GENERALES

Article 19

13


Pour tous 1es points non réglés par 1es présents statuts, 1es parties se réfèrent et
se soumettent aux dispositions de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur 1es sociétés
commerciales.

Disposition transitoire
Le premier exercice social commence 1e jour de la constitution et se termine le

31 décembre 2018.
Souscription et libération

Les statuts de la société ayant été établis, toutes 1es actions ont été souscrites
comme suit:

1) Mme Karin DITMEIJER, préqualiﬁéé, 749 actions A et 749 actions B

2) Mme. Cathalijne VAN DEN BROEK, préqualiﬁée,

1 action A et 1 action B

TOTAL: 750 actions A and 750 actions B

Toutes ces actions ont été libérées à cent pourcent (100 %) par des versements
en especes, de sorte que la somme de trente mille euros (30.000,- EUR) se trouve
dès maintenant à la disposition de la société, ainsi qu’il en a été justiﬁé au notaire.

Constatation du notaire

Le notaire instrumentant a constaté que 1es conditions exigées par 1’artic1e 420-

1 de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur 1es sociétés commerciales ont été accomplies.
Evaluation des Frais

Les parties comparantes évaluent 1e montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations
et charges, sous quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la société ou qui sont
mis à sa charge à raison de sa constitution, sont evalués à la somme de mille cinq
cents euros (1 .500,- EUR).

Toutes 1es parties comparantes et/ou signataires des présentes se reconnaissent
solidairement tenues du paiement des dits frais.

Réunion en Assemblée générale

Les parties comparantes, représentant l’intégralité du capital social et se
considérant comme dûment convoqués, se sont immédiatement réunies en
Assemblée Générale Extraordinaire.

Après avoir vériﬁé que ce11e-ci était régulièrement constitutéé, ils ont pris à
l’unanimité des voix 1es résolutions suivantes:

1. Le nombre des administrateurs est ﬁxé à trois (3).

2. Sont nommés administrateurs de catégorie A pour une durée de six (6) ans:

- Mme Karin DITMEIJER, née 1e 28 février 1960 à Harlem (Pays-Bas),
demeurant à L-9663 Kauténbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg ; et

- Mme. Cathalijne VAN DEN BROEK , née le 15 août 1996 à Amstelveen
(Pays-Bas), demeurant à L-9663 Kauténbach, Moulin de Schuttbourg.

3. Est nommé administrateurs de catégorie B pour une durée de six (6) ans:

- M. Devaughn NEUWISSEN, né le 6 mai 1994 à Maastricht (Pays-Bas),
demeurant à L-3333 Héllangé, 39, route de Bettembourg.

4. Le nombre des commissaire aux comptes est ﬁxé à un (1):

Est nommé commissaire aux comptes pour une durée de six (6) ans:

14


«FOP CONSEIL >>, ayant son siège social à lL-808O Bertrange, 1 Rue
Pletzer, enregistré auprès du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés sous le
numéro B 186.074.

5. Le siège social est ﬁxé à L-3333 Hellange, 39, route de Bettembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui connaît et parle la langue anglaise, a déclaré par la

 

 

présente qu'à la demande du comparant, le présent acte a été rédigé en langue
anglaise, suivi d'une version française; àla demande du même comparant et en cas
de divergences entre les textes anglais et français, le texte anglais primera.
DONT ACTE, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.
Lecture du présent acte faite et interprétation donnée aux parties comparantes,
connues du notaire soussigné par leur nom, prénom usuel, état et demeure, elles

ont signé avec le notaire soussigné, le présent acte
Signés : D. BARBOSA, K.REUTER

Enregistré à Luxembourg, Actes Civils 2, le 30 novembre 2018
Relation : 2LAC/20l 8/25421

Reçu : soixante-quinze euros

75.- €

Le receveur : A. MULLER

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

15


