Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230584

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.383
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

 

FIMA INVESTMENT S.à r.l.
Société ä responsabilité limitée
Siège social: L-1118 Luxembourg, 23 rue Aldringen

R.C.S. Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 20 DECEMBRE 2018
NUMERO 3602 / 2018

In the year two thousand eighteen, on the twentieth day of December.
Before IVlaître Blanche IVIOUTRIER, notary residing in Esch-sur-Alzette.

 

THERE APPEARED:
1. Mr. Maciej BODNAR, Director of companies, born in Wroclaw (Poland)
on 04/07/1973, residing at Jutrzenki 83, PL-52-311 Wroclaw (Poland)
2. Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, Director of companies, born in Boleslawiec
(Poland) on 10/06/1974, residing at ul. Podwale 82/429 — PL-50-414
Wroclaw (Poland),
3. EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z o.o., with registered office at ul.
Slezoujscie, 5 — PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Poland), entered into the register of

entrepreneurs held by the District Court for Wroclaw - Fabryczna in
Wroclaw, VI Commercial Division of the National Court Register under KRS
number 0000339737

All here represented by Mr. Philippe AFLALO, company’s director, residing

 

professionally in L-1118 Luxembourg, 23, rue Aldringen,

By virtue of three proxies given under private seal dated of December 12th,
2018.

The said proxies, after having been signed "ne varietuf' by the proxyholder of
the appearing parties and the undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the
present deed for the purpose of registration.

Such appearing parties, represented as stated hereabove, have requested
the undersigned notary, to state as follows the Articles of Association of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which is hereby
incorporated:

"ARTICLE 1.

There is formed a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
limitée) which will be governed by the laws pertaining to such an entity (hereafter
the “Company”), and in particular the law dated 10th, August 1915, on commercial

1

 

 

 


 

companies, as amended (hereafter the “Law”), as well as by the Articles of

 

Association (hereafter the “Articles”).

ARTICLE 2.

The Company may carry out all transactions pertaining directly or indirectly to the
acquiring of participating interests in any enterprises in whatever form and the
administration, management, control and development of those participating
interests.

In particular, the corporation may use its funds for the establishment, management,
development and disposal of a portfolio consisting of any securities and patents of
whatever origin, and participate in the creation, development and control of any
enterprise, the acquisition, by way of investment, subscription, underwriting or
option, of securities and patents, to realize them by way of sale, transfer, exchange
or otherwise develop such securities and patents, grant to companies in which the
corporation has a participating interest, any support, loans, advances or
guarantees.

The Company may borrow in any form. It may issue notes, bonds, warrants and
debentures and any kind of debt, which may be convertible, and/or equity
secunﬁes.

The Company may carry out any commercial, industrial or financial operations, any
transactions in respect of real estate or moveable property, which the corporation
may deem useful to the accomplishment of its purposes.

ARTICLE 3.

The Company is formed for an unlimited period of time.

ARTICLE 4.

The Company will have the name “FIMA INVESTMENT S.à r.l.”.

ARTICLE 5.

The registered office is established in Luxembourg.

It may be transferred to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
by means of a simple decision of the manager or in case of plurality of managers,
by a decision of the board of managers, which shall also amend the Articles of
association.

The Company may have offices and branches, both in Luxembourg and
abroad.

ARTICLE 6.
The Company's corporate capital is fixed at THIRTY THOUSAND EURO

 

2

 

 


 

(30.000.- EUR) represented by THIRTY THOUSAND (30.000) shares with a par
value of ONE EURO (1,- EUR) each, entirely subscribed and all fully paid-up.
ARTICLE 7.

The capital may be changed at any time by a decision of the single
shareholder or by decision of the shareholders’ meeting, in accordance with article
14 of these Articles.

ARTICLE 8.

Each share entitles to a fraction of the corporate assets and profits of the
Company in direct proportion to the number of shares in existence.

ARTICLE 9.

Towards the Company, the Company’s shares are indivisible, since only one
owner is admitted per share. Joint co-owners have to appoint a sole person as
their representative towards the Company.

ARTICLE 10.

In case of a sole shareholder, the Company’s shares held by the sole
shareholder are freely transferable.

In case of plurality of shareholders, the shares held by each shareholder may
be transferred by application of the requirements of article 710-12 of the Law.
ARTICLE 11.

The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of
civil rights, insolvency or bankruptcy of the single shareholder or of one of the
shareholders.

ARTICLE 12.

The Company shall be managed by one or more managers who do not need
to be shareholders of the Company. If several managers are appointed, they
constitute the Board. The members of the Board may be split into two classes,
respectively denominated “Class A Managers” and “Class B Managers”. The
managers are appointed by a resolution of the shareholders, which sets the term of
their mandate. The manager(s) may be revoked ad nutum.

In dealing with third parties, the manager(s) will have all powers to act in the
name of the Company in all circumstances and to carry out and approve all acts
and operations consistent with the Company’s objects and provided the terms of
this article 12 shall have been complied with.

All powers not expressly reserved by Law or the present Articles to the

general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of the manager, or in

 

 

 


 

case of plurality of managers, of the board of managers.

The Company shall be bound by the sole signature of its single manager, or,
in case of plurality of managers, by the joint signature of two managers of the
Company. In case of a board of managers composed of two or more managers
divided into Class A and Class B, the Company will be bound by the joint signature
of any two Class A managers and any one Class B manager.

The manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the board of managers
may sub-delegate his powers for specific tasks to one or several ad hoc agents.

The manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the board of managers will
determine this agent’s responsibilities and remuneration (if any), the duration of the
period of representation and any other relevant conditions of his agency.

In case of plurality of managers, the resolutions of the board of managers

 

 

shall be adopted by all the managers which can be present or represented.

In case of a board of managers composed of two or more managers divided into
Class A and Class B, the resolutions of the board of managers shall be adopted by
the joint signature of at least one class B manager and any two Class A managers.
The managers class A and class B can be present or represented.Circular
resolutions signed by all the managers (the Managers' Circular Resolutions) are
valid and binding as if passed at a duly convened and held Board meeting, and

bear the date of the last signature.

ARTICLE 13.
The manager or the managers (as the case may be) assume, by reason of

his/their position, no personal liability in relation to any commitment validly made by

him/them in the name of the Company.

ARTICLE 14.

The sole shareholder assumes all powers conferred to the general
shareholder meeting.

In case of a plurality of shareholders, each shareholder may take part in
collective decisions irrespectively of the number of shares which he owns. Each
shareholder has voting rights commensurate with his shareholding. Collective
decisions are only validly taken insofar as they are adopted by shareholders
owning more than half of the share capital.

However, resolutions to alter the Articles of the Company may only be

adopted by the majority of the shareholders owning at least three quarter of the

4

 

 

 


 

Company’s share capital, subject to the provisions of the Law.
ARTICLE 15.

The Company’s year starts on the 1st of January and ends on the 31st of
December of each year.

ARTICLE 16.

Each year, with reference to the end of the Company’s year, the Company’s
accounts are established and the manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the
board of managers prepare an inventory including an indication of the value of the
Company’s assets and liabilities.

Each shareholder may inspect the above inventory and balance sheet at the
Company’s registered office.

ARTICLE 17.

The gross profits of the Company stated in the annual accounts, after
deduction of general expenses, amortisation and expenses represent the net profit.
An amount equal to five per cent (5%) of the net profits of the Company is
allocated to a statutory reserve, until this reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of
the Company’s nominal share capital.

The balance of the net profits may be distributed to the shareholder(s)
commensurate to his/their shareholding in the Company.

The manager or, in case of plurality of managers, the Board of managers is
authorised to pay out interim dividends, provided that current interim accounts
have been drawn-up and that said interim accounts show that the Company has
sufficient available funds for such a distribution, in compliance with the legal
requirements.

ARTICLE 18.

At the time of winding up the Company the liquidation will be carried out by
one or several liquidators, shareholders or not, appointed by the shareholders who
shall determine their powers and remuneration.

ARTICLE 19.

Reference is made to the provisions of the Law for all matters for which no

 

specific provision is made in these Articles.

SUBSCRIPTION - PAYMENT

The Articles of Association having thus been established, the parties

appearing declare to subscribe the whole capital as follows:

 

 

 


1) Mr. Maciej BODNAR, prenamed, represented as stated hereabove, which
declares to subscribe for TEN THOUSAND (10,000) SHARES with a par value of
ONE EURO (EUR 1.-) each and to have them fully paid up by contribution in kind
of:
- Fifty-one (51) shares with a par value of five hundred Polish Zlotys
(PLN 500.-) each, representing 51% of the shares of the company
“ECON Sp. z 0.0.”, a company existing under the laws of Poland with
its registered office at ul. Slezoujscie, 5, PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Poland),
entered into the register of entrepreneurs held by the District Court for
Wroclaw - Fabryczna in Wroclaw, Vl Commercial Division of the
National Court Register under number KRS 0000106732;

2) Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, prenamed, represented as stated hereabove, which
declares to subscribe for TEN THOUSAND (10,000) SHARES with a par value of
ONE EURO (EUR 1.-) each and to have them fully paid up by contribution in kind
of:
- Forty-nine (49) shares with a par value of five hundred Polish
Zlotys (PLN 500.-) each, representing 49% of the shares of the
company “ECON Sp. z 0.0.”, a company existing under the laws of
Poland with its registered office at ul. Slezoujscie, 5, PL-54-105
Wroclaw (Poland), entered into the register of entrepreneurs held by
the District Court for Wroclaw - Fabryczna in Wroclaw, Vl Commercial

Division of the National Court Register under number KRS
0000106732;

The company’s shares totalling 100 shares to be contributed are worth at
least 1.646.230,- PLN according to the attached certificate.
lt results from a certificate issued on December 12, 2018, by the Board of

Directors of the company ECON Sp. z 0.0. that:
« Mr. Maciej BODNAR, Director of companies, born in Wroclaw (Poland) on
04/07/1973, residing at Jutrzenki 83, PL-52-311 Wroclaw (Poland), is the owner
of 51 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which constitute 51% of

the Company’s issued share capital and 51% of the voting rights, and

- Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, Director of companies, born in Boles/awiec (Poland)
on 10/06/1974, residing at ul. Podwale 82/429 — PL—50—414 Wroclaw (Poland),

6

 


is the owner of 49 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which
constitute 49% of the Company’s issued share capital and 49% of the voting

rights
- such shares are fully paid-up;

- Mr. Maciej BODNAR and Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, prenamed, are the sole
shareholders of the Company and solely entitled to the shares and possessing

the power to dispose of the shares;

- none of the shares are encumbered with any pledge or usufruct, there exist
no right to acquire any pledge or usufruct on the shares and none of the shares

are subject to any attachment.

- there exist no pre-emption rights nor any other rights by virtue of which any
third person may be entitled to demand that one or more of the shares be

transferred to him;

- according to the Polish law and the articles of association of the Company,

such shares are freely transferable;

- all formalities subsequent to the contribution in kind of the shares of the
Company, required in Poland, will be effected upon execution of the deed

documenting the said contribution in kind;

-The Company’s shares to be contributed are worth at least 1.646. 230,- PLN ;
i.e: 382. 986,87 EUR according to the ofﬁcial rate of European Central Bank (1
EUR = 4,2986 PLN) on 12 December 2018; this estimation being based on the

attached valuation report.
- the said estimation has not decreased till today. ».

Such certificate as indicated above, after signature “ne varietur” by the

proxyholder of the appearing parties and the undersigned notary, shall remain

annexed to the present deed to be filed with the registration authorities.

3) EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z 0.0, prenamed, represented as stated
hereabove, which declares to subscribe for TEN THOUSAND (10,000) SHARES
with a par value of ONE EURO (EUR 1.-) each and to have them fully paid up by

contribution in kind of:

- Eight hundred (800) shares with a par value of five hundred Polish

Zlotys (PLN 500.-) each, representing 100% of the shares of the
7

 


company “EKOPARTNER RECYKLING Sp. z 0.0. » with registered
office at ul. Zielona, 3 — PL-59-300 Lubin (Poland), entered into the
register of entrepreneurs held by the District Court for Wroclaw -
Fabryczna in Wroclaw, IX Commercial Division of the National Court
Register under KRS N° 0000354103;

The company’s shares totalling 800 shares to be contributed are worth at
least PLN 400,000.- according to the attached certificate.
lt results from a certificate issued on December 12, 2018, by the Director of
the company EKOPARTNER RECYKLING Sp. z o.o. that:
- « EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z 0.0., with registered ofﬁce at ul. S'lezoujs'cie,
5 — PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Poland), entered into the register of entrepreneurs
held by the District Court for Wroclaw - Fabryczna in Wroclaw, VI Commercial
Division of the National Court Register under KRS number 0000339737, is the
owner of 800 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which constitute

100% of the Company’s issued share capital and 100% of the voting rights.
- such shares are fully paid-up;

- EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z 0.0., prenamed, is the entity solely entitled to

the shares and possessing the power to dispose of the shares;

- none of the shares are encumbered with any pledge or usufruct, there exist
no right to acquire any pledge or usufruct on the shares and none of the shares
are subject to any attachment.

- there exist no pre-emption rights nor any other rights by virtue of which any
third person may be entitled to demand that one or more of the shares be

transferred to him;

— according to the Polish law and the articles of association of the Company,

such shares are freely transferable;

- all formalities subsequent to the contribution in kind of the shares of the
Company, required in Poland, will be effected upon execution of the deed

documenting the said contribution in kind;

- The company’s shares to be contributed are worth at least 400. 000,- PLN ;
i.e: 93.053,55 EUR according to the ofﬁcial rate of European Central Bank (1
EUR = 4,2986 PLN) on 12 December 2018; this estimation being based on the

8

 


attached valuation report.
- the said estimation has not decreased till today. ».

Such certificate as indicated above, after signature “ne varietur” by the
proxyholder of the appearing parties and the undersigned notary, shall remain

annexed to the present deed to be filed with the registration authorities.

The aggregate amount of FOUR HUNDRED SEVENTY SIX THOUSAND
FORTY EURO AND FORTY-TWO CENTS (476.040,42 EUR) is allocated as
follows :

The amount of THIRTY THOUSAND EURO (30,000 EUR) is allocated to
the share capital of the company ;

The amount of FOUR HUNDRED FORTY SIX THOUSAND FORTY EURO
AND FORTY TWO CENTS (446.040,42 EUR) is allocated to the share premium
account

The undersigned notary states that the conditions provided for in
article 710-6 of the law of August 10th, 1915 on commercial companies, as
amended, have been observed.

TRANSITORY PROVISION

The first business year will begin on the date of the incorporation of the
Company and will end on the 31st of December 2019.

m

The aggregate amount of the costs, expenditures, remunerations or
expenses, in any form whatsoever, which the corporation incurs or for which it is
liable by reason of the present deed, is approximately two thousand five hundred
euro (2,500 EUR).

EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

The above named appearing parties, representing the entire subscribed

 

capital have passed unanimously the following resolutions:

1) The Company will be administered by the following managers for an

iunlimited period:
7C|ass A managers
- Mr. Maciej BODNAR, Director of companies, born in Wroclaw (Poland) on
04/07/1973, residing at Jutrzenki 83, PL-52—311 Wroclaw (Poland)
- Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, Director of companies, born in Boleslawiec (Poland)
on 10/06/1974, residing at ul. Podwale 82/429 — PL-50-414 Wroclaw (Poland),
9

 

 

 


 

Class B managers
- Mr. Philippe AFLALO, company’s director, born in Fès (Morocco) on

December 18, 1970, residing professionally in 23, Rue Aldringen, L-1118
Luxembourg.
- Mr. Raphaël BENAYOUN, company’s manager, born in Marseille (France) on
August 6, 1984, residing professionally in 23, Rue Aldringen, L-1118
Luxembourg.
The Company shall validly be bound by the joint signature of any two Class A
managers and any one Class B manager.
2) The registered office of the Company is fixed at L-1118 LUXEMBOURG,
23, rue Aldringen.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the above appearing parties, the present deed is
worded in English followed by a French version. On request of the same appearing
parties and in case of divergences between the English and the French text, the
English version will be prevailing.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in LUXEMBOURG, on the day
named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing parties,
who is known to the notary by his surname, first name, civil status and residence,

he signed together with the notary the present deed.

Suit la traduction française du texte qui précède :

L'an deux mil dix-huit, Ie vingt decembre.

Par-devant Maitre Blanche MOUTRIER, notaire de residence a Esch-sur—

Alzette.

ONT COMPARU:
1. Monsieur Maciej BODNAR, gerant de sociétés, ne a Wroclaw (Pologne)
le 04 juillet 1973, demeurant a Jutrzenki 83, PL-52-311 Wroclaw (Pologne)
2. Monsieur Filip OLENDEREK, gérant de sociétés, ne a Boleslawiec
(Pologne) le 10 juin 1974 et demeurant a u|. Podwale 82/429 — PL-50-414

Wroclaw (Pologne),

 

 

1O

 

 


 

3. EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z o.o., ayant son siège social a ul.
Slezoujscie, 5 — PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Pologne), immatriculée auprès du
register of entrepreneurs du District Court for Wroclaw - Fabryczna a
Wroclaw, VI Commercial Division of the National Court Register sous Ie
numéro KRS 0000339737
Tous ici représentés par Monsieur Philippe AFLALO, administrateur de
sociétés, demeurant professionnellement a L-1118 Luxembourg, 23, rue
ldnngen,
En vertu de trois procurations sous seing privé, datées du 12 décembre
2018.
Lesquelles procurations resteront, après avoir été signées “ne varietuf’ par le
mandataire des comparants et le notaire instrumentant, annexées aux présentes

pour être formalisées avec elles.

Lesquels comparants, représentés comme dit ci-avant, ont requis le notaire
instrumentant de dresser acte d'une société à responsabilité limitée dont ils ont
arrêté les statuts comme suit:

"ARTICLE 1.

Il est formé une société à responsabilité limitée qui sera régie par les lois
relatives à une telle entité (ci-après la “Société”), et en particulier la loi du 10 août
1915 relative aux sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (ci-après la “m”),
ainsi que par les statuts de la Société (ci-après les “Statuts”).

ARTICLE 2.

La Société a pour objet toutes les opérations se rapportant directement ou
indirectement à la prise de participations sous quelque forme que ce soit, dans
toute entreprise, ainsi que l'administration, la gestion, le contrôle et le
développement de ces participations.

Elle pourra notamment employer ses fonds a la création, à la gestion, a la
mise en valeur et a la liquidation d'un portefeuille se composant de tous titres et
brevets de toute origine, participer a la création, au développement et au contrôle
de toute entreprise, acquérir par voie d'apport, de souscription, de prise ferme ou
d'option d'achat et de toute autre manière, tous titres et brevets, les réaliser par
voie de vente, de cession, d'échange ou autrement, faire mettre en valeur ces
affaires et brevets, accorder aux sociétés auxquelles elle s'intéresse tous

concours, prêts, avances ou garanties. La société pourra emprunter sous

11

 

 

 


 

quelque forme que ce soit. Elle peut procéder, par voie de placement privé, à
l’émission de parts et d’obligations et d’autres titres représentatifs d’emprunts et/ou

de créances.
La Société pourra accomplir toutes opérations commerciales, industrielles ou

financières, ainsi que tous transferts de propriété immobiliers ou mobiliers, que la
Société considérera utile pour l’accomplissement de son objet.

ARTICLE 3.

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

ARTICLE 4.
La Société aura la dénomination «FIMA INVESTMENT S.à r.l.».

ARTICLE 5.
Le siège social est établi à Luxembourg.
Il peut être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

par une simple décision du gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, du collège de

gérance, qui aura également la charge de faire modifier les statuts en

conséquence.
La Société peut avoir des bureaux et des succursales tant au Luxembourg

qu’à l’étranger.
ARTICLE 6.

Le capital social est fixé à TRENTE MILLE EUROS (30.000,- EUR)
représenté par TRENTE MILLE (30.000) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale de

UN EURO (1,- EUR) chacune, entierement souscrites et libérées.

ARTICLE 7.
Le capital peut être modifié à tout moment par une décision de l’associé

unique ou par une décision de l’assemblée générale des associés, en conformité
avec l’article 14 des présents Statuts.

ARTICLE 8.
Chaque part sociale donne droit a une fraction des actifs et bénéfices de la

Société, en proportion directe avec le nombre des parts sociales existantes.

ARTICLE 9.
Envers la Société, les parts sociales sont indivisibles, de sorte qu’un seul

propriétaire par part sociale est admis. Les copropriétaires indivis doivent désigner
une seule personne qui les représente aupres de la Société.

ARTICLE 10.
Dans l’hypothèse où il n’y a qu’un seul associé les parts sociales détenues

12

 

 

 


 

par celui-ci sont librement transmissibles.

Dans l’hypothèse où il y a plusieurs associés, les parts sociales détenues par
chacun d’entre eux ne sont transmissibles que moyennant l’application de ce qui
est prescrit par l’article 710-12 de la Loi.

ARTICLE 11.

La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de la suspension des
droits civils, de l’insolvabilité ou de la faillite de l’associé unique ou d’un des
associés.

ARTICLE 12.

La Société est administrée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés ou non. Si
plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils constituent le Collège. Les membres du
Collège peuvent ou non être répartis en deux classes, nommés respectivement «
Gérants de classe A » et « Gérants de classe B ». Les gérants sont nommés par
une résolution des associés, qui fixe la durée de leur mandat. Le(s) gérant(s) sont
révocables ad nutum.

Dans les rapports avec les tiers, le(s) gérant(s) aura(ont) tous pouvoirs pour
agir au nom de la Société et pour effectuer et approuver tous actes et opérations
conformément à l’objet social et pourvu que les termes du présent article aient été
respectés.

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l’assemblée générale des
associés par la Loi ou les présents Statuts seront de la compétence du gérant et
en cas de pluralité de gérants, du collège de gérance.

La Société sera engagée par la seule signature du gérant unique, ou en
cas de pluralité de gérants, par la signature conjointe de deux gérants. En cas de
collège de gérance composé de deux membres ou plus répartis en classe A et
classe B, la Société sera engagée par la signature conjointe de deux gérants de
classe A et d’un gérant de classe B.

Le gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le collège de gérance, peut
subdéléguer une partie de ses pouvoirs pour des tâches spécifiques à un ou
plusieurs agents ad hoc.

Le gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le collège de gérance,
déterminera les responsabilités et la rémunération (s’il en est) de ces agents, la
durée de leurs mandats ainsi que toutes autres conditions de leur mandat.

En cas de pluralité de gérants, les résolutions du collège de gérance seront

adoptées par tous les gérants qui peuvent être présents ou représentés.

13

 

 

 


 

En cas de collège de gérance composé de deux gérants ou plus répartis en classe
et classe B, les résolutions du collège de gérance seront adoptées par la
signature conjointe d’au moins un gérant de classe B et deux gérants de classe A.

Les gérants de classe A et Classe B peuvent être présents ou représentés.

Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants (les Résolutions
Circulaires des Gérants) sont valables et engagent la Société comme si elles
avaient été adoptées lors d'une réunion du Collège valablement convoquée et
tenue et portent la date de la dernière signature.

ARTICLE 13.

Le ou les gérants ne contractent a raison de leur fonction, aucune obligation
personnelle relativement aux engagements régulierement pris par eux au nom de
la Société.

ARTICLE 14.

L’associé unique exerce tous pouvoirs qui sont conférés à l’assemblée
générale des associés.

En cas de pluralité d’associés, chaque associé peut prendre part aux
décisions collectives, quel que soit le nombre de parts qu’il détient. Chaque
associé possède des droits de vote en rapport avec le nombre des parts détenues
par lui. Les décisions collectives ne sont valablement prises que pour autant
qu’elles soient adoptées par des associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital.

Toutefois, les résolutions modifiant les Statuts de la Société ne peuvent être
adoptées que par une majorité d’associés détenant au moins les trois quarts du
capital social, conformément aux prescriptions de la Loi.

ARTICLE 15.

L’année sociale commence le 1er janvier et se termine Ie 31 décembre de
chaque année.
ARTICLE 16.

Chaque année, a la fin de l’année sociale, les comptes de la Société sont
établis et le gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le collège de gérance,
prépare un inventaire comprenant l’indication de la valeur des actifs et passifs de
la Société.

Tout associé peut prendre connaissance desdits inventaire et bilan au siège

social.

14

 

 

 


 

ARTICLE 17.

Les profits bruts de la Société repris dans les comptes annuels, après
déduction des frais généraux, amortissements et charges constituent le bénéfice
net. Sur le bénéfice net, il est prélevé cinq pour cent (5%) pour la constitution d'un
fonds de réserve jusqu'a ce que celui-ci atteigne dix pour cent (10%) du capital
social.

Le solde des bénéfices nets peut être distribué aux associés en proportion
avec leur participation dans le capital de la Société.

Le Gérant unique ou, en cas de pluralité de gérants, le Collège de
Gérance est autorisé à verser des acomptes sur dividendes, sous condition que
des comptes intérimaires aient été établis et fassent apparaître assez de fonds
disponibles pour une telle distribution, en respect des conditions prévues par la
Loi.

ARTICLE 18.

Au moment de la dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera assurée par un
ou plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non, nommés par les associés qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et rémunérations.

ARTICLE 19.
Pour tout ce qui ne fait pas l’objet d’une prévision spécifique par les présents

Statuts, il est fait référence a la Loi.

SOUSCRIPTION-LIBERATION

Les Statuts de la Société ayant été ainsi arrêtés, les comparants, déclarent

 

 

souscrire le capital comme suit:

 

1) Monsieur Maciej BODNAR, prénommé, représenté comme dit-est,
lequel déclare souscrire DIX MILLE (10.000) PARTS SOCIALES d’une
valeur nominale de UN EURO (EUR 1,-) chacune et les libérer moyennant
apport en nature de :

Cinquante-et-une (51) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale de cinq cents
Zlotys Polonais (PLN 500,-) chacune, représentant 51% des parts sociales de la
société “ECON Sp. z 0.0.”, une société régie et existante sous les lois Polonaises
ayant son siège social à ul. Slezoujécie, 5, PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Pologne),
immatriculée auprès du registre de commerce sous le numéro KRS 0000106732

2) Monsieur Filip OLENDEREK , prénommé, représenté comme dit-est,

15

 


lequel déclare souscrire DIX MILLE (10.000) PARTS SOCIALES d’une
valeur nominale de UN EURO (EUR 1,-) chacune et les libérer moyennant
apport en nature de :

Quarante-neuf (49) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale de cinq cents

Zlotys Polonais (PLN 500,-) chacune, représentant 49% des parts sociales de la

société “ECON Sp. z 0.0.”, une société régie et existante sous les lois Polonaises

ayant son siège social à ul. Slezoujécie, 5, PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Pologne),

immatriculée auprès du registre de commerce sous le numéro KRS 0000106732

La totalité des 100 parts sociales ä apporter ont une valeur d’au moins PLN

1.646.230,- cette estimation étant basée sur un certificat qui restera annexé.

Il résulte d’un certificat émis par les gérants de la société ECON Sp. z 0.0. daté du
12 décembre 2018, que:

- « Mr. Maciej BODNAR , Director of companies, born in Wroclaw (Poland) on
04/07/1973, residing at Jutrzenki 83, PL-52-311 Wroclaw (Poland), is the owner
of 51 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which constitute 51% of
the Company’s issued share capital and 51% of the voting rights, and

- Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, Director of companies, born in Boleslawiec (Poland)
on 10/06/1974, residing at ul. Podwale 82/429 - PL-50-414 Wroclaw (Poland),
is the owner of 49 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which
constitute 49% of the Company’s issued share capital and 49% of the voting
rights

— such shares are fully paid-up;

- Mr. Maciej BODNAR and Mr. Filip OLENDEREK, prenamed, are the sole
shareholders of the Company and solely entitled to the shares and possessing
the power to dispose of the shares;

- none of the shares are encumbered with any pledge or usufruct, there exist
no right to acquire any pledge or usufruct on the shares and none of the shares
are subject to any attachment.

- there exist no pre-emption rights nor any other rights by virtue of which any
third person may be entitled to demand that one or more of the shares be
transferred to him;

- according to the Polish law and the articles of association of the Company,
such shares are freely transferable;

- all formalities subsequent to the contribution in kind of the shares of the
Company, required in Poland, will be effected upon execution of the deed
documenting the said contribution in kind;

- The Company’s shares to be contributed are worth at least 1.646. 230,- PLN ;
i.e: 382. 986,87 EUR according to the ofﬁcial rate of European Central Bank (1

EUR = 4,2986 PLN) on 12 December 2018; this estimation being based on the
attached valuation report.

16

 


- the said estimation has not decreased till today.»

3) EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z 0.0., prénommée, représentée comme dit-est,
Iaquelle déclare souscrire DIX MILLE (10.000) PARTS SOCIALES d’une valeur
nominale de UN EURO (EUR 1,-) chacune et les libérer moyennant apport en
nature de :
- Huit cents (800) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale de cinq
cents Zlotys Polonais (PLN 500,-) chacune, représentant 100% des
parts sociales de la société “EKOPARTNER RECYKLING Sp. z
0.0.”, une société régie et existante sous les lois Polonaises ayant
son siège social à ul. Zielona 3, PL-59-300 Lubin (Pologne),
immatriculée auprès du registre de commerce sous le numéro KRS
0000354103;

La totalité des 800 parts sociales a apporter ont une valeur d’au moins PLN
400.000,- cette estimation étant basée sur un certificat qui restera annexé.

Il résulte d’un certificat émis par les gérants de la société EKOPARTNER
RECYKLING Sp. z 0.0. daté du 12 décembre 2018, que :

- « EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z o.o.‚ with registered ofﬁce at ul. Slezoujscie,
5 — PL-54-105 Wroclaw (Poland), entered into the register of entrepreneurs
held by the District Court for Wroclaw - Fabryczna in Wroclaw, VI Commercial
Division of the National Court Register under KRS number 0000339737, is the
owner of 800 shares with a nominal value of PLN 500,- each which constitute
100% of the Company’s issued share capital and 100% of the voting rights.

- such shares are fully paid-up;

- EKOPARTNER GROUP Sp. z o.o.‚ prenamed, is the entity solely entitled to
the shares and possessing the power to dispose of the shares;

- none of the shares are encumbered with any pledge or usufruct, there exist
no right to acquire any pledge or usufruct on the shares and none of the shares
are subject to any attachment.

- there exist no pre-emption rights nor any other rights by virtue of which any
third person may be entitled to demand that one or more of the shares be
transferred to him;

- according to the Polish law and the articles of association of the Company,
such shares are freely transferable;

- all formalities subsequent to the contribution in kind of the shares of the
Company, required in Poland, will be effected upon execution of the deed
documenting the said contribution in kind;

- The company’s shares to be contributed are worth at least 400. 000,- PLN ;
i.e: 93. 053, 55 EUR according to the ofﬁcial rate of European Central Bank (1

17

 


EUR = 4,2986 PLN) on 12 December 2018; this estimation being based on the
attached valuation report.

- the said estimation has not decreased till today.»

Ces certificats cités ci—dessus, après signature “ne varietur” par le
mandataire des comparants et le notaire instrumentant, resteront annexés au
présent acte pour être formalisés avec lui.

Le montant total de QUATRE CENT SOIXANTE SEIZE MILLE QUARANTE
EUROS ET QUARANTE-DEUX CENTS (476.040,42 EUR) est alloué de la
façon suivante :

- Le montant de TRENTE MILLE EUROS (30.000 EUR) est alloué au

compte capital social de la société

- Le montant de QUATRE CENT QUARANTE SIX MILLE QUARANTE

EUROS ET QUARANTE-DEUX CENTS (446.040,42 EUR) est alloué

au compte prime d’émission de la société.

 

Le notaire instrumentant constate que les conditions prévues à l’article 710-6
de la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée,
ont été respectées.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution et se
terminera le 31 décembre 2019.

FRAIS

Les comparants ont évalué le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations et

 

charges, sous quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont
mis à sa charge à raison des présentes à environ deux mille cinq cents euros
(2.500 EUR).

ASSEMBLEE GENERALE EXTRAORDINAIRE

Les comparants préqualifiés, représentant la totalité du capital souscrit ont
pris à l’unanimité les résolutions suivantes:
1) La Société est administrée par les gérants suivants pour une durée

indéterminée:

 

ÏGérants de classe A
- Monsieur Maciej BODNAR, gérant de sociétés, né à Wroclaw (Pologne) le
04 juillet 1973, demeurant à Jutrzenki 83, PL-52-311 Wroclaw (Pologne)

- Monsieur Filip OLENDEREK, gérant de sociétés, né à Boleslawiec

18

 

 


 

(Pologne) Ie 10 juin 1974 et demeurant a ul. Podwale 82/429 — PL-50-414
Wroclaw (Pologne),
Gérants de classe B
- Monsieur Philippe AFLALO, administrateur de sociétés, né ä Fés (Maroc) le
18 décembre 1970, demeurant professionnellement a 23, Rue Aldringen, L-1118
Luxembourg.
- Monsieur Raphaël BENAYOUN, administrateur de sociétés, né à Marseille

(France) le 6 août 1984, demeurant professionnellement a 23, Rue Aldringen, L-

 

1118 Luxembourg.

La société sera engagée par la signature conjointe de deux gérants de
classe A et d’un gérant de classe B.
2) Le siège social de la Société est fixé à L-1118 Luxembourg, 23, rue

Aldringen.

Le notaire soussigné, qui a personnellement la connaissance de la langue
anglaise, déclare que les comparants l'ont requis de documenter le présent acte en
langue anglaise, suivi d'une version française, et en cas de divergence entre le
texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fera foi.

DONT ACTE.

Fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire des
comparants, connu du notaire instrumentant par son nom, prénom usuel, état et
demeure, il a signé le présent acte avec le notaire.

(signé) Philippe AFLALO — Blanche MOUTRIER

 

 

Enregistré a Esch/Alzette Actes Civils, le 21 Décembre 2018
Relation: EAC/2018/32862

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur (signé) Tania SCHMITT

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

délivrée ä des fins administratives.

Esch-sur-Alzette, le 02 janvier 2019

 

19

 


