Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230535

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.338
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

 

 

Gulf lnterchem SA.
Société Anonyme
L-1930 Luxembourg, 62, Avenue de la Liberté

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIÉTÉ

Numéro 9460 du 14 décembre 2018

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fourteenth day of December.

Before Us, Maître Jean-Paul MEYERS, civil law notary residing in Esch-
sur-Alzette, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

- Mr. Bernard Van den Wouwer, director, born February 7th, 1974 in
Bergen (Belgium), residing in Villa 20 Entrance 1251, Road 2941, A| Markh 0529,
Nothern Governorate, Bahrain;

- Mr. Alexandre Vandekerckhove, director, born July 4th, 1977 in
Leuven (Belgium), residing in B-309O Overijse, 149, Waversesteenweg,

here represented by Mrs. Caroline RAMIER, professionally residing in
Esch-sur—Alzette, by virtue of proxies, given under private seal

Said proxies, after having been signed ne varietur by the proxyholder of the
appearing party and the undersigned notary, shall remain attached to and shall be
filed together with this notarial deed with the registration authorities.

Such appearing parties, represented as state above, have drawn up the
following articles of incorporation of a company, which they declared organized:

Art. 1. Name.

1.1 There is hereby established a company in the form of a société anonyme
under the name of Gulf Interchem S.A. (hereinafter the «Company»), which shall
be governed by the laws of Luxembourg, in particular by the law dated August 10,
1915, on commercial companies, as amended (hereafter the Law), as well as by

the present articles of association (hereafter the Articles).

Page 1 sur 25


1.2 The Company may have one shareholder or several shareholders. For
so long as the Company has a Sole Shareholder, the Company may be managed
by a Sole Director only who does not need to be a Shareholder of the Company.

Art. 2. Registered Office.

2.1 The registered office of the Company is established in the City of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2.2 It may be transferred to any other address in the same municipality or
to another municipality within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by simple decision
of the shareholders’ meeting or, by a decision of the director(s). The director or in
case of plurality of directors’, the board of director’s, shall arrange for the Articles
to be amended in order to reflect such transfer.

2.3 The Company may have offices, branches, subsidiaries or agencies, in
Luxembourg and abroad.

2.4 If the Board of Directors or, in the case of a sole director, if the Sole
Director, determines that extraordinary political, economic, social or military events
have occurred or are imminent which would render impossible the normal activities
of the Company at its registered office or the communication between such
registered office and persons abroad, the registered office may be temporarily
transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these abnormal circumstances;
such provisional measures shall have no effect on the nationality of the Company
which, notwithstanding such temporary transfer, shall remain a Luxembourg
company.

Art. 3. Duration.

3.1 The Company is established for an unlimited period.

Art. 4. Object.

4.1 The Company may carry out all transactions relating directly or indirectly
to the taking of participating interests in whatsoever form, in any enterprise in the
form of a public limited liability company or of a private liability company, as well as
the administration, management, control and development of such participations.

In particular, the Company may use its funds for the creation, management,
development and the realization of a portfolio comprising all types of transferable
securities or patents of whatever origin, take part in the creation, development and

control of all enterprises, acquire all securities and patents, either by way of

Page 2 sur 25


contribution, subscription, purchase or otherwise, option, as well as realize them by
sale, transfer, exchange or othen/vise.

4.2 The Company may further guarantee, grant security in favor of third
parties to secure its obligations or the obligations of companies in which it holds a
direct or indirect participation or which form part of the same group of companies
as the Company, grant loans or otherwise assist the companies in which it holds a
direct or indirect participation or which form part of the same group of companies
as the Company as well as any other companies or third parties.

4.3 The Company may also carry out its business through branches in
Luxembourg or abroad.

4.4 The company may also proceed with the acquisition, management,
development, sale and rental of any real estate, whether furnished or not, and in
general, carry out all real estate operations with the exception of those reserved to
a dealer in real estate and those concerning the placement and management of
money. ln general, the company may carry out any patrimonial, movable,
immovable, commercial, industrial or financial activity as well as all transactions
and directly or indirectly the accomplishment and development of its purpose.

4.5 The Company may furthermore carry out any commercial, industrial or
financial operations, any transactions in respect or real estate or moveable
property, which the Company may deem useful to the accomplishment of its
purposes.

Art. 5. Share Capital.

5.1 The Company's share capital is fixed to thirty-six thousand US Dollars
(USD 36,000.-) represented by ten thousand (10,000) shares with no designation
of a nominal value (the "Shares").

5.2 The subscribed share capital of the Company may at any time be
increased or reduced by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders
adopted in the manner required for amendment of these Articles of Association,
subject to the mandatory provisions of the law of 10 August 1915, as amended, on
commercial companies (the "Law").

5.3 All shares issued by the Company are redeemable shares. The share
capital of the Company may be reduced through the redemption and cancellation

of one or several shares. The redemption price payable by the Company for each

Page 3 sur 25


share redeemed (the “Redemption Price”) shall be determined by the sole
manager or in case of plurality of managers, by the board of managers. In any case,
the payment of the Redemption Price shall not result in the reduction of the net
assets of the Company below the amount of the subscribed share capital of the
Company increased by the reserves which may not be distributed under
Luxembourg law or by virtue of the presentArticles of Association. All subject to the
legal provisions in force.

5.4 The Shares of the Company are in registered form.

5.5 A register of shareholders will be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it will be kept at the disposal of each shareholder. This register
shall contain all the information required by article 39 of the law of 10 August 1915
governing commercial companies, as amended.

5.6 Ownership of registered shares shall be established by their entry in the
said register. The certificates of these registrations must be issued and signed by
the directors at the request of the shareholder concerned.

5.7 It is expressly provided that the ownership of each share representing
the subscribed share capital may be exercised either in full ownership or in usufruct
by a shareholder named "usufruitier" and in bare ownership by another shareholder
called "nu-propriétaire".

5.8 The Company will only recognize one holder per share. If a share was
held by more than one person, the persons claiming ownership of such share must
appoint a single agent to represent it in relation to the company. The Company has
the right to suspend the exercise of a right related to such share until a single person
is designated as sole owner vis-a-vis the Company.

Art. 6. Acquisition of own Shares.

6.1 The Company may acquire its own Shares to the extent permitted by
the Law.

6.2 To the extent permitted by the Law the Board of Directors or, in the case
of a sole director, the Sole Director, is irrevocably authorized and empowered to
take any and all steps to execute any and all documents and to do and perform any
and all acts for and in the name and on behalf of the Company which may be
necessary or advisable in order to effectuate the acquisition of the Shares and the

accomplishment and completion of all related action.

Page 4 sur 25


Art.8 — Transfer of shares

8.1 Save for disposals pursuant to a separate shareholder agreement, each
shareholder can dispose of its Shares to third parties only if the pre-emption right
in favor of the other shareholder(s) is not exercised.

The terms of the pre-emption right of the shareholders as well as of other
rights related to the Shares shall be agreed between the shareholders in a separate
shareholder agreement.

Art. 9. Board of Directors.

9.1 For so long as the Company has a Sole Shareholder, the Company may
be managed by a Sole Director only. Where the Company has more than one
Shareholder, the Company shall be managed by a board of directors («Board of
Directors») consisting of a minimum of three (3) directors (the «Directors»).

9.2 The number of directors is fixed at by the General Meeting of
Shareholders.

9.3 The Directors are to be appointed by the General Meeting of
Shareholders for a period not exceeding four (4) years and until their successors
are elected.

9.4 Decision to suspend or dismiss a Director must be adopted by the
General Meeting of Shareholders with a resolution of the general meeting of
shareholders.

9.5 When a legal person is appointed as a Director of the Company, the
legal entity must designate a permanent representative (représentant permanent)
in accordance with article 441-3 of the Law.

Art. 10. Meetings of the Board of Directors.

10.1 The Board of Directors shall appoint from among its members a
chairman (the «Chairman»), and may choose among its members one or more
vice-chairmen. The Board of Directors may also choose a secretary (the
«Secretary»), who need not be a Director and who may be instructed to keep the
minutes of the Meetings of the Board of Directors as well as to carry out such
administrative and other duties as directed from time to time by the Board of
Directors.

10.2 The Board of Directors shall meet upon call by the Chairman, or any

two Directors, at the place and time indicated in the notice of meeting, the person(s)

Page 5 sur 25


convening the meeting setting the agenda. Written notice of any Meeting of the
Board of Directors shall be given to all Directors at least five (5) calendar days in
advance of the hour set for such meeting, except in circumstances of emergency
where twenty-four (24) hours prior notice shall suffice which shall duly set out the
reason for the urgency. This notice may be waived, either prospectively or
retrospectively, by the consent in writing or by telegram or telex or telefax of each
director. Separate notice shall not be required for meetings held at times and places
described in a schedule previously adopted by resolution of the Board of Directors.

10.3 Any Director may act at any meeting of the Board of Directors by
appointing in writing or by telegram, telefax, telex another Director as his proxy. A
Director may not represent more than one of his colleagues.

10.4 The Board of Directors may act validly and validly adopt resolutions
only if all of the Directors are present or represented at a Meeting of the Board of
Directors. In the event however the General Meeting of Shareholders has
appointed different classes of Directors (namely class A Directors and class B
Directors) any resolutions of the Board of Directors may only be validly taken if
approved by all the Directors of both class A and class B (which may be
represented). If a quorum is not obtained the Directors present may adjourn the
meeting to a venue and at a time no later than five (5) calendar days after a notice
of the adjourned meeting is given.

10.5 The Directors may participate in a Meeting of the Board of Directors by
conference call or similar means of communications equipment whereby all
persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participating in a
meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

10.6 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a resolution of the Board of Directors
may also be passed by unanimous consent in writing which may consist of one or
several documents containing the resolutions and signed by each and every
Director.

10.7 The resolutions passed by the Sole Director shall be vested with the
same authority as the resolutions passed by the Board and are documented by

written minutes signed by the Sole Director.

Page 6 sur 25


Art. 11. Minutes of Meetings of the Board of Directors.

11.1 The minutes of any Meeting of the Board of Directors shall be signed
by the Chairman.

11.2 Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in judicial
proceedings or otherwise shall be signed by the Chairman.

Art. 12. Powers of the Board of Directors.

12.1 The Directors may only act at duly convened Meetings of the Board of
Directors or by written consent in accordance with Article 10 hereof.

12.2 The Board of Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be, is
vested with the broadest powers to perform all acts of administration and disposition
in the Company's interests and within the objectives and purposes of the Company.
All powers not expressly reserved by law or by these Articles of Association to the
General Meeting of Shareholders fall within the competence of the Board of
Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be.

Art. 13. Corporate Signature.

13.1 Vis-a-vis third parties, the Company is validly bound in the case of a
sole director, by the sole signature of the Sole Director, or by the joint signature of
two Directors of the Company, or by the signature(s) of any other person(s) to whom
authority has been delegated by the Board of Directors by means of an unanimous
decision of the Board of Directors.

Art. 14. Delegation of Powers.

14.1 The Board of Directors may generally or from time to time delegate the
power to conduct the daily management of the Company as well as the
representation of the Company in relation to such management as provided for by
article 441 -1 0 of the Law to an executive or other committee or committees whether
formed from among its own members or not, or to one or more Directors, managers
or other agents who may act individually or jointly. The Board of Directors shall
determine the scope of the powers, the conditions for withdrawal and the
remuneration attached to these delegations of authority including the authority to
sub-delegate.

Art. 15. Conflict of Interest.

15.1 In case of a conflict of interest of a Director, it being understood that

the mere fact that the Director serves as a director of a Shareholder or of an

Page 7 sur 25


associated company of a Shareholder shall not constitute a conflict of interest, such
Director must inform the Board of Directors of any conflict and may not take part in
the vote. A director having a conflict on any item on the agenda must declare this
conflict to the Chairman before the meeting is called to order.

15.2 Any Director having a conflict due to a personal interest in a transaction
submitted for approval to the Board of Directors conflicting with that of the
Company, shall be obliged to inform the board thereof and to cause a record of his
statement to be included in the minutes of the meeting. He may not take part in the
business of the meeting. At the following General Meeting of Shareholders, before
any other resolution to be voted on, a special report shall be made on any
transactions in which any of the Directors may have a personal interest conflicting
with that of the Company.

Art. 16. Liability of the Managers

The Sole Manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the members of the
Board of Managers assume, by reason of their position, no personal liability in re-
lation to any commitment validly made by him/them in the name of the Company.

Art. 17. Shareholders’ Meetings

17.1 The sole shareholder assumes all powers conferred to the general
shareholders’ meeting pursuant to article 710-29 of the Law.

17.2 In case of a plurality of shareholders, each shareholder may take part
in collective decisions irrespective of the number of shares, which he owns. Each
shareholder has voting rights commensurate with his shareholding. Collective
decisions are only validly taken by a simple majority of the members present or
represented and voting.

17.3 Shareholders’ meetings may always be convened by any two (2)
managers, failing which by shareholder(s) representing more than half of the share
capital of the Company.

17.3 If all the shareholders are present or represented at a shareholders’
meeting they can waive any convening formalities and the meeting can be validly
held without prior notice.

17.4 A shareholder may be represented at a shareholders’ meeting by
appointing in writing (or by fax or e-mail or any similar means) an attorney who

need not be a shareholder.

Page 8 sur 25


17.5 Resolutions to amend the Articles may only be adopted by
shareholders representing at least three quarters of the Company’s share capital,
in accordance with the provisions of the Law.

Art. 18. Auditors.

18.1 The operations of the Company shall be supervised by one or several
statutory auditors, which may be Shareholders or not. The General Meeting of
Shareholders shall appoint the statutory auditors and shall determine their number,
remuneration and term of office which may not exceed six (6) years.

Art. 18. Financial Year.

18.1 The financial year of the Company shall commence on the first of
Janurary and shall terminate on the thirty-first of December of each year.

18.2 The Board of Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be, shall
prepare annual accounts in accordance with the requirements of Luxembourg law
and accounting practice.

18.4 The Company shall ensure that the annual accounts, the annual report
and the information to be added pursuant to the Law, as amended, shall be
available at its registered office from the day on which the General Meeting at which
they are to be discussed and, if appropriate, adopted is convened.

18.5 The Annual General Meeting shall adopt the annual accounts.

Art. 19. Dividend Distributions and Distributions out of Reserve
Accounts.

19.1 The credit balance of the profit and loss account, after deduction of the
expenses, costs, amortisation, charges and provisions represent the net profit of
the Company.

19.2 Every year 5 percent of the net profit will be transferred to the legal
reserve until this reserve amounts to 10 percent of the Share capital

19.3 The credit balance free for distribution after the deduction as per art.
19.2 above, is attributed to the Shareholders.

19.4 Subject to the conditions laid down in Article 461-3 of the Law, the
Board of Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be, may pay out an

advance payment on dividends.

Page 9 sur 25


Art. 20. Dissolution and liquidation of the Company.

20.1 The Company may be dissolved pursuant to a resolution of the General
Meeting of Shareholders to that effect, which requires at least a seventy percent
majority of all the votes cast in a meeting where at least seventy percent of the
issued Share capital is present or represented.

20.2 The Board of Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be, shall
be charged with the liquidation provided that the General Meeting of Shareholders
shall be authorised to assign the liquidation to one or more liquidators in place of
the Board of Directors or the Sole Director, as the case may be.

20.3 To the extent possible, these Articles of Association shall remain in
effect during the liquidation.

20.4 No distribution upon liquidation may be made to the company in
respect of Shares held by it.

20.5 After the liquidation has been completed, the books and records of the
company shall be kept for the period prescribed by law by the person appointed for
that purpose in the resolution of the General Meeting to dissolve the company.
Where the General Meeting has not appointed such person, the liquidators shall do
so.

Art. 22. Applicable Law.

22.1 All matters not governed by these articles of incorporation shall be
determined in accordance with the Law.

Art. 23. Language.

23.1 The present articles of incorporation are worded in English followed by
a French version. In case of divergence between the English and the French text,
the English version shall prevail.

Statement

The undersigned notary states that the conditions provided for in Article
420-1 of the Law have been observed.

Subscription and payment

The articles of incorporation of the Company having thus been drawn up by
the appearing party, this party has subscribed for the number of Shares and have

paid in cash the amounts mentioned hereafter:

Page 10 sur 25


Shareholder Subscribed capital Number of

(USD) Shares
Mr. Bernard van den Wouwer 21 ,600.- 6,000
Mr. Alexandre Vandekerckhove 14,400.- 4,000
Total: 36,000.- 10,000

Proof of all such payments has been given to the undersigned notary who
states that the conditions provided for in article 420-1 of the Law have been
observed.

Transitory Provisions

The first financial year will begin on the date of formation of the Company
and will end on the last day of December. The first annual General Meeting of
Shareholders will thus be held in the year two thousand nineteen.

Resolution of the Shareholders

The above named parties, represented as state above, representing the
entire subscribed capital have immediately taken the following resolutions:

1. Resolve to set at the number of Directors at three(3) and further resolved
to elect the following persons as Directors for a limited period of four (4) years:

- Mr. Bernard Van den Wouwer, director, born February 7th, 1974 in
Bergen (Belgium), residing in Villa 20 Entrance 1251, Road 2941, A| Markh 0529,
Nothern Governorate, Bahrain;

- Mr. Alexandre Vandekerckhove, director, born July 4th, 1977 in
Leuven (Belgium), residing in B-3090 Overijse, 149, Waversesteenweg;

- Mr. Benoit Parmentier, economic adviser, born on June 14th, 1977
in Namur (Belgium), residing in L-1550 Luxembourg, 14, rue Johny Flick.

2. Fixe the registered office at L-1930 Luxembourg, 62, Avenue de la
Liberté, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

3. Resolve to elect Kohnen & Associés S.à r.l., a société à responsabilité
limitée, having its registered office in L-1930 Luxembourg, 62, Avenue de la Liberté,
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 144.190, as statutory auditor for a limited period of four (4)

years.

Page 11 sur 25


Power

 

The above appearing party(ies) hereby give(s) power to any agent and / or
employee of the office of the signing notary, acting individually to proceed as the
case may be with the registration, listing, modification, deletion, publication or any
other useful or necessary operations following this deed and possibly to draw,
correct and sign any amendment or modification as requested or any error, lapse
or typo in this deed.

The undersigned notary who knows English, states herewith that on request
of the above appearing persons, the present deed is worded in English followed by
a French version; on request of the same persons and in case of divergences
between the English and the French text, the English text will prevail.

Whereof the present deed was drawn up in Esch-sur-Alzette, on the day
named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the attorney in fact of the appearing
parties, who is known to the notary by surname, first name, civil status and
residence, the said person signed together with Us notary this original deed.

Suit la traduction française du texte qui précède:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le quatorzième jour de décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Jean-Paul MEYERS, notaire de residence a Esch-sur-
Alzette, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Ont comparu:

- Monsieur Bernard Van den Wouwer, Administrateur de sociétés,
né le 7 février 1974 a Bergen (Belgique), demeurant a Villa 20 Entrance 1251, Road
2941 , A| Markh 0529, gouvernorat septentrional, Bahre'I'n ;

- Monsieur Alexandre Vandekerckhove, administrateur de sociétés,
né le 4 juillet 1977 a Leuven (Belgique), demeurant a B-3090 Overijse, 149,
Waversesteenweg,

ici représentés par Madame Caroline RAMIER, résidant
professionnellement a Esch-sur-Alzette, en vertu de procurations données sous
seing privé.

Lesdites procurations, apres avoir été signées ne varietur par le mandataire
des parties comparantes et par le notaire instrumentant, resteront annexées au

présent acte pour être enregistrées ensemble avec celui-ci aupres des autorités

Page 12 sur 25


d'enregistrement.

Lesquels comparants, représentés comme dit ci-avant, ont arrêté ainsi qu'il
suit les statuts d'une société anonyme qu’ils déclarent constituer:

Art. 1. Dénomination sociale.

1.1 Il est formé par les présentes une société anonyme qui adopte la
dénomination Gulf lnterchem S.A. (ci-après la «Société») qui sera régie par les
lois du Luxembourg, en particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés
commerciales telle que modifiée (ci-après la Loi), ainsi que par les présent statuts
(ci-après les Statuts).

La Société peut avoir un associé unique ou plusieurs actionnaires. Tant que
la Société n'a qu'un actionnaire unique, la Société peut être administrée par un
administrateur unique seulement qui n'a pas besoin d'être l'associé unique de la
Société.

Art. 2. Siège social.

2.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

2.2 Au cas où le Conseil d'Administration ou l'Administrateur Unique, selon
le cas estimerait que des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique,
économique, militaire ou social compromettent l'activité normale de la Société au
siège social ou la communication aisée avec ce siège ou entre ce siège et l'étranger
ou que de tels événements sont imminents, il pourra transférer temporairement le
siège social a l'étranger jusqu'a cessation complète de ces circonstances
anormales; ces mesures provisoires n'auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de la
Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du siège, restera régie par la
loi luxembourgeoise.

2.3 Par simple décision du conseil d'administration, la Société pourra établir
des filiales, succursales, agences ou sièges administratifs aussi bien dans le
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger.

2.4 Le siège social pourra être transféré dans toute autre localité du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg par décision de l'assemblée des actionnaires ou par
décision du conseil d’administration. Dans ce dernier cas de figure, le conseil
d’administration veillera à ce que les Statuts soient modifiés par acte notarié de

manière à refléter un tel transfert.

Page 13 sur 25


Art. 3. Durée.

3.1 La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

Art. 4. Objet social.

4.1 La Société pourra effectuer toutes opérations se rattachant directement
ou indirectement à la prise de participations sous quelque forme que ce soit, dans
toute entreprise sous la forme d'une société anonyme ou d'une société à
responsabilité limitée, ainsi qu’a l'administration, la gestion, le contrôle et le
développement de ces participations.

4.2 En particulier, la Société peut utiliser ses fonds pour la création, la
gestion, le développement et la réalisation d'un portefeuille comprenant tous types
de valeurs mobilières, ou des brevets de toute origine, participer a la création, au
développement et au contrôle de toutes entreprises, acquérir tous titres et brevets,
soit par voie d'apport, de souscription, d'achat de levée d’option, ou autrement,
ainsi que les réaliser par voie de vente, transfert, échange ou autrement.

4.3 La Société peut également garantir, accorder des sûretés a des tiers
afin de garantir ses obligations ou les obligations de sociétés dans lesquelles elle
détient une participation directe ou indirecte ou qui font partie du même groupe de
sociétés que la Société, accorder des prêts ou assister autrement les sociétés dans
lesquelles elle détient une participation directe ou indirecte ou qui font partie du
même groupe de sociétés que la Société ainsi que toutes autres sociétés ou des
tiers.

4.4 La Société peut également réaliser son activité par le biais de
succursales au Luxembourg ou a l'étranger.

4.5 La Société peut également procéder à l'acquisition, a la gestion, au
développement, a la vente et a la location de tout bien immobilier, meublé ou non,
et en général, effectuer toutes opérations immobilières, à l'exception de celles
réservées à un courtier en immobilier et celles concernant le placement et la
gestion de l'argent. En général, la Société peut exercer toute activité patrimoniale,
mobilière, immobilière, commerciale, industrielle ou financière, ainsi que toutes
transactions en relation directe ou indirecte avec le développement de son objet ou

de nature a en faciliter la réalisation.

Page 14 sur 25


4.6 La Société peut effectuer toutes opérations commerciales, industrielles
ou financières, et toutes transactions relatives à des biens immobiliers ou mobiliers,
que la Société jugera utiles à l'accomplissement de son objet.

Art. 5. Capital social.

5.1 La Société a un capital souscrit de trente-six mille Dollars (USD 36.000,-
) divisé en dix mille (10.000) actions sans désignation de valeur nominale. (les
«Actions»).

5.2 Le capital souscrit de la Société peut ä tout moment être augmenté ou
réduit par décision de l'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires statuant comme en
matière de modification des présents Statuts, sous réserve des dispositions
impératives de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que
modifiée (la «Loi»).

5.3 Les actions de la Société sont nominatives.

5.4 Un registre des actionnaires sera conservé au siège social de la
Société, où il sera tenu à la disposition de chacun des actionnaires. Ce registre
comportera l’ensemble des informations exigées par l’article 39 de la loi du 10 août
1915 régissant les sociétés commerciales, dans sa version modifiée. La propriété
des actions nominatives sera établie par leur inscription dans ledit registre. Les
certificats de ces enregistrements devront être émis et signés par les
administrateurs sur demande de l’actionnaire concerné.

5.5 Il est expressément prévu que la titularité de chaque action
représentative du capital social souscrit pourra être exercée soit en pleine propriété
soit en usufruit par un actionnaire dénommé « usufruitier » et en nue-propriété par
un autre actionnaire dénommé « nu-propriétaire ».

5.6 La Société ne reconnaîtra qu’un détenteur par action ; si une action était
détenue par plusieurs personnes, les personnes se prévalant de la propriété de
cette action devront désigner un seul mandataire pour la représenter vis-à-vis de
la société. La Société dispose du droit de suspendre l’exercice d’un droit lié a cette
action jusqu’a ce qu’une seule personne soit désignée en tant qu’unique
propriétaire vis-à-vis de la Société.

Art. 6. Acquisition d'Actions propres.

6.1 La Société peut racheter ses propres Actions dans les limites établies

parla Loi.

Page 15 sur 25


6.2 Dans les limites établies par la loi luxembourgeoise, le Conseil
d'Administration ou l'Administrateur Unique, selon le cas est irrévocablement
autorisé et a les pleins pouvoirs pour prendre toutes les mesures en vue de
l'exécution de chaque document et pour accomplir tout acte a la fois au nom et
pour le compte de la Société qui seraient nécessaires ou opportuns pour la
réalisation de l'acquisition des Actions ainsi que pour l'accomplissement et la bonne
fin de tous les actes y relatifs.

Art.8 — Transfert des actions

8.1 Conformément aux dispositions d’un pacte d’actionnaire, chaque
actionnaire pourra proposer ses actions aux tiers uniquement si le droit de
préemption en faveur des autres actionnaires n’a pas été exercé par ces derniers.

8.2. Les termes de ce droit de préemption des actionnaires ainsi que
d’autres droits relatifs aux actions seront convenus entre les actionnaires dans un
document signé entre actionnaires.

Art. 9. Conseil d'Administration.

9.1 Tant que la Société a un actionnaire unique, la Société peut être
administrée par un administrateur unique seulement. Si la Société a plus d'un
actionnaire, elle est administrée par un conseil d'administration (le «Conseil
d'Administration») composé de trois (3) Administrateurs au moins (les
«Administrateurs»).

9.2 Le nombre des administrateurs est déterminé par l'Assemblée Générale
des Actionnaires.

9.3 L'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires peut décider de nommer des
Administrateurs de deux classes différentes, à savoir un ou des Administrateur(s)
de la classe A et un ou des Administrateur(s) de la classe B. Toute classification
d'Administrateurs doit être dûment enregistrée dans le procès-verbal de
l'assemblée concernée et les Administrateurs doivent être identifiés en fonction de
la classe a laquelle ils appartiennent.

9.4 Les Administrateurs doivent être nommés par l'Assemblée Générale
des Actionnaires pour une durée qui ne peut dépasser six (6) ans, et ils resteront

en fonctions jusqu'à ce que leurs successeurs soient élus.

Page 16 sur 25


9.5 La décision de suspendre ou de révoquer un Administrateur doit être
adoptée par l'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires a au moins 70% de tous les
droits de vote présents ou représentés.

9.6 Lorsqu'une personne morale est nommée Administrateur de la Société,
la personne morale doit désigner un représentant permanent qui représentera la
personne morale conformément à l'article 441-3 de la Loi.

Art. 10. Réunions du Conseil d'Administration.

10.1 Le Conseil d'Administration choisira parmi ses membres un président
(le «Président») et pourra choisir parmi ses membres un ou plusieurs vice-
présidents. Le Conseil d'Administration pourra également choisir un secrétaire (le
«Secrétaire») qui n'a pas besoin d'être Administrateur et qui pourra être
responsable de la tenue des procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil
d'Administration ainsi que de l'exécution de telle fonction administrative ou autre lui
conférée de temps en temps par le Conseil d'Administration.

10.2 Le Conseil d'Administration se réunira sur convocation du Président
ou de deux Administrateurs au lieu et a l'heure indiqués dans la convocation à
l'assemblée, la/les personne(s) convoquant l'assemblée fixant également l'ordre du
jour. Chaque Administrateur sera convoqué par écrit a toute Réunion du Conseil
d'Administration au moins cinq (5) jours civils a l'avance par rapport à l'horaire fixé
pour ces réunions, excepté dans des circonstances d'urgence, dans lequel cas une
convocation donnée vingt- quatre (24) heures a l'avance et mentionnant dûment
les raisons de l'urgence sera suffisante. Il pourra être passé outre à cette
convocation, pour l'avenir ou rétroactivement, a la suite de l'assentiment par écrit,
par télégramme, par télex ou par télécopieur de chaque Administrateur. Une
convocation spéciale ne sera pas requise pour les réunions se tenant à une date
et a un endroit déterminé dans une résolution préalablement adoptée par le Conseil
d’ Administration.

10.3 Tout Administrateur pourra se faire représenter aux réunions du
Conseil d'Administration en désignant par écrit ou par télégramme, par télécopieur
ou par télex un autre Administrateur comme son mandataire. Un Administrateur ne
peut représenter plus qu'un de ses collègues.

10.4 Le conseil d'administration peut valablement délibérer et valablement

adopter des résolutions que si tous les administrateurs sont présents ou

Page 17 sur 25


représentés a une réunion du conseil d'administration. Dans le cas où l 'Assemblée
Générale des Actionnaires a nommé différentes classes d'administrateurs (a savoir
les administrateurs de classe A et de classe B), toutes résolutions du conseil
d'administration ne peuvent être valablement prises que si elles sont approuvées
par tous les administrateurs de classe A et de classe B (qui peut être représenté).

Si un quorum n'est pas atteint, les Administrateurs présents peuvent
reporter la réunion a un endroit et a une heure endéans un délai de cinq (5) jours
civils après l'envoi d'une notice d'ajournement.

10.5 Les Administrateurs peuvent participer a une Réunion du Conseil
d'Administration par conférence téléphonique ou par d'autres moyens de
communication similaires permettant à toutes les personnes y participant à
s'entendre mutuellement et une participation par ces moyens sera considérée
comme équivalant à une présence physique a la réunion.

10.6 Nonobstant de ce qui précède, une résolution du Conseil
d'Administration peut également être adoptée par consentement unanime écrit qui
consiste en un ou plusieurs documents comprenant les résolutions et qui sont
signés par chaque Administrateur. La date d'une telle résolution sera la date de la
dernière signature.

10.7 Les résolutions prises par l'Administrateur Unique auront la même
autorité que les résolutions prises par le Conseil d'Administration et seront
constatées par des procès-verbaux signés par l'Administrateur Unique.

Art. 11. Procès-verbaux des Réunions du Conseil d'Administration.

11.1 Les procès-verbaux d'une Réunion du Conseil d'Administration seront
signés par le Président.

11.2 Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-verbaux, destinés à servir en
justice ou ailleurs, seront signés par le Président.

Art. 12. Pouvoirs du Conseil d'Administration.

12.1 Les Administrateurs peuvent uniquement agir lors de Réunions du
Conseil d'Administration dûment convoquées ou par consentement écrit
conformément à l'Article 10 des présents Statuts.

12.2 Le Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, l'Administrateur Unique
a les pouvoirs les plus larges pour accomplir tous les actes d'administration et de

disposition qui sont dans l'intérêt de la Société et dans les limites des objectifs et

Page 18 sur 25


de l'objet de la Société. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas réservés expressément
à l'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires parla loi ou par les présents Statuts sont
de la compétence du Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, de
l'Administrateur Unique.

Art. 13. Signature Sociale.

13.1 Vis-a-vis des tiers, la Société sera valablement engagée par la
signature de l'Administrateur Unique, selon le cas, ou parla signature conjointe de
de deux Administrateurs de la Société ou par la/les signature(s) de toute(s)
personne(s) a qui un pouvoir de signature a été délégué par le Conseil
d'Administration moyennant une décision unanime du Conseil d'Administration.

13.2 Toutefois, au cas où l'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires a nommé
différentes classes d'Administrateurs (a savoir les Administrateurs de classe A et
les Administrateurs de classe B), la Société sera valablement engagée par la
signature conjointe de tous les administrateurs de classe A ainsi que tous les
administrateurs de classe B (y compris par voie de représentation).

Art. 14. Délégation de pouvoirs.

14.1 Le Conseil d'Administration peut d'une manière générale ou de temps
en temps déléguer la gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation
de la Société en ce qui concerne cette gestion ainsi que prévu par l'article 441-10
de la Loi a un cadre ou a un/des comité(s), composé(s) de ses propres membres
ou non, ou a un ou plusieurs Administrateurs, directeurs ou autres agents qui
peuvent agir individuellement ou conjointement. Le Conseil d'Administration
déterminera l'étendue des pouvoirs, les conditions du retrait et la rémunération en
ce qui concerne ces délégations de pouvoir, y compris le pouvoir de sub-déléguer.

Art. 15. Conflit d'lntérêts.

15.1 Dans le cas d'un conflit d'intérêts dans le chef d'un Administrateur,
étant entendu que le simple fait que l'Administrateur occupe une fonction
d'administrateur ou d'employé d'un Actionnaire ou d'une société associée à un
Actionnaire ne constitue pas un conflit d'intérêt, cet Administrateur doit aviser le
Conseil d'Administration de tout conflit d'intérêt et ne peut pas participer au vote.
Un Administrateur ayant un conflit par rapport a un point de l'ordre du jour doit

déclarer ce conflit au Président avant l'ouverture de l'assemblée.

Page 19 sur 25


15.2 Chaque Administrateur ayant un conflit causé par un intérêt personnel
dans une opération subordonnée à l'approbation du Conseil d'Administration qui
s'oppose à l'intérêt de la Société, sera obligé d'en aviser le conseil et de faire en
sorte qu'une mention de sa déclaration soit insérée au procès-verbal de la réunion.
Il ne participera pas aux délibérations de la réunion. Lors de la prochaine
Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires, avant le vote de toute autre résolution, un
rapport spécial sera établi sur toute opération dans laquelle un des Administrateurs
pourrait avoir un intérêt personnel en conflit avec celui de la Société.

Art. 16. Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires.

Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires

16.1 L'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires représente l'ensemble des
actionnaires de la Société (l'«Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires» ou
l'«Assemblée Générale»).

16.2 Elle a les pouvoirs qui lui sont réservés parla loi luxembourgeoise sur
les sociétés commerciales.

Convocation, Iieu de réunion des Assemblées, décision sans
Assemblée Formelle.

16.3 L'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires se réunit ä Luxembourg sur
convocation du Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, de l'Administrateur
Unique. Les Actionnaires représentant un dixième du capital social souscrit
peuvent, conformément à la Loi, demander au Conseil d'Administration de
convoquer une Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires.

16.4 L'Assemblée Générale annuelle se réunit en conformité avec la loi
luxembourgeoise à Luxembourg; au siège social de la Société ou a tel autre endroit
indiqué dans l'avis de convocation de l'assemblée, dans les six (6) mois suivant la
fin de chaque année financière. Si ce jour est un jour férié légal au Luxembourg,
l'Assemblée Générale annuelle se tiendra le premier jour ouvrable suivant à
Luxembourg.

16.5 D'autres Assemblées Générales des Actionnaires peuvent se tenir aux
lieux et aux dates qui peuvent être prévues dans les avis de convocation respectifs.

16.6 Les Assemblées Générales des Actionnaires seront convoqués par
une convocation qui détermine l'ordre du jour ainsi que l'heure et l'endroit auxquels

l'assemblée se tiendra, envoyée par lettre recommandée au moins trente (30)jours

Page 20 sur 25


avant l'assemblée, ce délai ne comprenant ni le jour de l'envoi de la convocation ni
le jour de l'assemblée, a chaque Actionnaire et a l'adresse de l'Actionnaire dans le
Registre des Actionnaires, ou suivant d'autres instructions données par
l'Actionnaire concerné.

16.7 Au cas où tous les Actionnaires sont présents ou représentés et
déclarent avoir eu connaissance de l'ordre du jour, l'Assemblée Générale peut se
tenir sans convocations à l'assemblée.

16.8 L'Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires désignera un président et
sera présidée par le président qui dirigera l'assemblée. L'Assemblée Générale
désignera un secrétaire chargé de dresser les procès-verbaux de l'assemblée et
un scrutateur. Les procès-verbaux seront rédigés en anglais et dressés a titre de
preuve de l'assemblée et seront signés par le Président et le Secrétaire de cette
assemblée ou lors de l'assemblée suivante.

16.9 La langue utilisée lors de chaque Assemblée Générale des
Actionnaires sera l'anglais.

16.10 Les Actionnaires ne peuvent pas prendre des décisions concernant
des matières qui ne sont pas à l'ordre du jour (y compris les matières exigées par
la loi) et concernant des affaires en relation avec de telles matières, sauf si tous les
Actionnaires sont présents ou représentés à l'assemblée.

Droit de vote

16.11 Chaque Action donne droit a une voix a chaque Assemblée Générale
des Actionnaires. Le vote en blanc est nul et non avenu.

16.12 Un Actionnaire peut agir à chaque Assemblée Générale des
Actionnaires en donnant une procuration écrite à une autre personne, actionnaire
ou non.

16.13 Sauf disposition contraire de la loi ou des présents Statuts, les
résolutions de l'Assemblée Générale sont adoptées à majorité simple des membres
présents ou représentés et votants.

Art. 17. Surveillance.

17.1 Les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par un ou plusieurs
commissaires au compte qui n'ont pas besoin d'être actionnaires. L'Assemblée

Générale des Actionnaires désignera les commissaires aux comptes et

Page 21 sur 25


déterminera leur nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leurs fonctions qui ne
pourra excéder six (6) ans.

Art. 18. Année sociale.

18.1 L'année sociale de la Société commence le 1er janvier de chaque
année et se terminera le 31 décembre de la même année.

18.2 Le Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, l'Administrateur Unique
prépare les comptes annuels suivant les exigences de la loi luxembourgeoise et
les pratiques comptables.

18.4 La Société fera en sorte que les comptes annuels, le rapport annuel et
les éléments supplémentaires à fournir conformément à la Loi soient disponibles a
son siège social a partir du jour auquel l'Assemblée Générale à laquelle ils doivent
faire l'objet d'une délibération et, si opportun, être adoptés, est convoquée.

18.5 L'Assemblée Générale Annuelle adoptera les comptes annuels.

Art. 19. Distribution de dividendes et distributions à partir des
Comptes de Réserve.

19.1 Le solde créditeur du compte de profits et pertes après déduction des
frais, coûts, amortissements, charges et provisions représente le bénéfice net de
la Société.

19.2 Chaque année, 5 pour cent du bénéfice net seront affectés à la réserve
légale jusqu'a ce que cette réserve atteint 10 pour cent du capital social.

19.3 Le solde créditeur susceptible d'être distribué après la déduction
opérée conformément à l'article 19.2 ci-dessus, est attribué aux actionnaires.

19.4 Conformément aux conditions prévues par l'Article 461-3 de la Loi le
Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, de l'Administrateur Unique peut
procéder à un versement d'acomptes sur dividendes.

Art. 20. Dissolution et liquidation de la Société.

20.1 La Société peut être dissoute par une résolution de l'Assemblée
Générale des Actionnaires; cette résolution requiert une majorité d'au moins 70%
de toutes les voix émis lors d'une assemblée où au moins la moitié du capital social
est présente ou représentée.

20.2 La liquidation s'effectuera par les soins du Conseil d'Administration ou,
le cas échéant, de l'Administrateur Unique, sous la réserve que l'Assemblée

Générale des Actionnaires sera autorisée à confier la liquidation à un ou plusieurs

Page 22 sur 25


liquidateurs en remplacement du Conseil d'Administration ou, le cas échéant, de
l'Administrateur Unique.

20.3 Dans la mesure du possible, les présents Statuts resteront en vigueur
pendant la liquidation.

20.4 Aucune distribution des bonis de liquidation ne peut etre faite en faveur
de la société en raison d'actions détenues par elle.

20.5 Après la clôture de la liquidation, les documents comptables et
écritures de la Société seront conservés pendant la durée prévue par la loi par la
personne désignée a cet effet dans la décision de l'Assemblée Générale de
dissoudre la Société. Au cas où l'Assemblée Générale n'a pas désigné une telle
personne, les liquidateurs procéderont a cette désignation.

Art. 21. Modification des Statuts.

21.1 Les présents Statuts sont susceptibles d'être modifiés de temps en
temps par une Assemblée Générale des Actionnaires conformément aux
exigences de quorum et de majorité prévues parla Loi.

Art. 22. Loi applicable.

22.1 Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les présents statuts
seront réglées conformément à la Loi.

Art. 23. Langue.

23.1 Les présents statuts sont rédigés en langue anglaise, suivis d'une
version française. En cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français,
la version anglaise primera.

Constat

Le notaire soussigné constate que les conditions exigées par l'article 420-1
de la Loi ont été observées.

Souscription et paiement

La partie comparante ayant ainsi arrêté les statuts de la Société, a souscrit

au nombre d'actions eta libéré en espèces les montants ci-après énoncés:

Actionnaire Capital souscrit Nombre

(USD) d'actions
Monsieur Bernard Van den Wouwer 21 .600,- 6.000
Monsieur Alexandre Vandekerckhove 14.400,- 4.000

Page 23 sur 25


Total: 36.000,- 10.000

La preuve de tous ces paiements a été apportée au notaire instrumentaire
qui constate que les conditions prévues à l'article 420-1 de la Loi ont été
respectées.

Dispositions transitoires

La première année sociale commencera à la date de constitution de la
Société et finit le dernierjour de décembre 2018. L'Assemblée Générale Annuelle
se réunira donc pour la première fois en 2019.

Résolutions des associés

Les comparants préqualifiés, représentés comme dit ci-avant, représentant
la totalité du capital social souscrit, ont pris les résolutions suivantes:

1. Décident de fixer le nombre d’administrateurs a trois (3) et décident de
nommer les personnes suivantes en tant qu’administrateur pour une durée de
quatre (4) ans :

- Monsieur Bernard Van den Wouwer, Administrateur de sociétés,
né le 7 février 1974 a Bergen (Belgique), demeurant à Villa 20 Entrance 1251, Road
2941 , Al Markh 0529, gouvernorat septentrional, Bahreïn ;

- Monsieur Alexandre Vandekerckhove, administrateur de sociétés,
né le 4 juillet 1977 a Leuven (Belgique), demeurant à B-3090 Overijse, 149,
Waversesteenweg,

- Monsieur Benoît Parmentier, Conseil économique, né le 14 juin
1977 à Namur (Belgique), demeurant à L-1550 Luxembourg, 14, rue Johny Flick.

2. Fixent le siège social au L-1930 Luxembourg, 62, Avenue de la Liberté.

3. Décident de nommer Kohnen & Associés S.à r.l., une société à
responsabilité limitée, ayant son siège social a L-1930 Luxembourg, 62, Avenue de
la Liberté, R.C.S. Luxembourg B 114.190, en tant que commissaire aux comptes
pour une durée de quatre (4) ans.

Pouvoirs

Le(s) comparant(s) donne(nt) par la présente pouvoir a tout clerc et/ou
employé de l'étude du notaire soussigné, agissant individuellement, afin de
procéder suivant besoin à l’enregistrement, l’immatriculation, la modification, la

radiation auprès du Registre des Sociétés ou la publication ou toutes autres

Page 24 sur 25


opérations utiles ou nécessaires dans la suite du présent acte et, le cas échéant
de modifier ou réviser selon demande ou de corriger, rectifier, rédiger, ratifier et
signer toute erreur, omission ou faute(s) de frappe(s) au présent acte.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle la langue anglaise constate
que, sur demande du comparant, le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise
suivi d'une version française; sur demande du même comparant et en cas de di-
vergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fera foi.

DONT ACTE, fait et passé a Esch-sur-Alzette, date qu'en tête des pré-
sentes.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire des comparants, connu du notaire
soussigné instrumentant par nom, prénom usuel, état civil et demeure, ledit man-

dataire a signé ensemble avec nous, le notaire, le présent acte original.

/signé/ C. RAMIER, Jean-Paul Meyers.

Enregistré à Esch/Alzette Actes Civils, le 18 décembre 2018
Relation : EAC/2018/32365

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur / signé / Tania SCHMITT

Esch-sur—Alzette, le 18 décembre 2018.

Page 25 sur 25


