Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230548

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.584
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

New Avenue GP
Société à responsabilité Iimitée
Siege social: 19, Rue Eugène Ruppert L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE
DU 18 DECEMBRE 2018
NUMERO 3346.

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the eighteenth day of December.

Before the undersigned, Elisabeth Reinard, a notary resident in Ettelbruck, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

Falco Capital Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England,
having its registered office at City Pavilion, 27 Bush Lane, London EC4R 0AA,
United Kingdom and registered with the Registrar of Companies of England and
Wales under number 10867959,

here represented by Helena Ramos, employee of undersigned notary, whose
professional address is 2 Place de l'Hôtel de Ville L-9087 Ettelbruck, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, by virtue of a power of attorney given under private seal.

After signature ne varietur by the authorised representative of the appearing party
and the undersigned notary, the power of attorney will remain attached to this
deed to be registered with it.

The appearing party, represented as set out above, has requested the
undersigned notary to state as follows the articles of incorporation of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité Iimitée), which is hereby
incorporated:

I NAME — REGISTERED OFFICE — OBJECT — DURATION
Art. 1 Name

The name of the company is “New Avenue GP” (the Company). The
Company is a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
Iimitée) governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in
particular the law of August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as
amended (the Law), and these articles of incorporation (the Articles).

Art. 2 Registered office

2.1 The Company’s registered office is established in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred to any other location in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the board of managers
(the Board), which may amend the Articles to reflect this change.


2.2

Art. 3
3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5

Art. 4
4.1
4.2

Branches, subsidiaries or other offices may be established in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the Board. If the
Board determines that extraordinary political or military developments
or events have occurred or are imminent, and that those developments
or events may interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered office, or with ease of communication between that office and
persons abroad, the registered office may be temporarily transferred
abroad until the developments or events in question have completely
ceased. Any such temporary measures do not affect the nationality of
the Company, which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its
registered office, will remain a Luxembourg incorporated company.

Corporate object

The Company’s object is the acquisition of participations, in and the
management as managing general partner (associé commandité
gérant) ofWeybridge No.1 SCSp, a special limited partnership (société
en commandite spéciale) subject to the law of 10 August 1915 on
commercial companies, as amended from time to time.

The Company may also acquire, by subscription, purchase and
exchange or in any other manner, any stock, shares and other
participation securities, bonds, debentures, certificates of deposit and
other debt instruments and, more generally, any securities and financial
instruments issued by any public or private entity in its name for its own
benefit or for the benefit of any other entities.

The Company may borrow in any form whether by private or public
offer. It may also give guarantees and pledge, transfer, encumber or
otherwise create and grant security over some or all of its assets to
guarantee its own obligations and those of any other company, and,
generally, for its own benefit and that of any other company or person.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may not carry out any
regulated financial sector activities without having obtained the
requisite authorisation.

The Company may use any techniques, legal means and instruments
to manage its investments efficiently and protect itself against credit
risks, currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks.

The Company may carry out any commercial, financial or industrial
operation and any transaction with respect to real estate or movable
property which, directly or indirectly, favours or relates to its corporate
object.

Duration
The Company is formed for an unlimited period.

The Company may have one or several shareholders with a maximum
of one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the number of
shareholders of the Company exceeds one hundred (100), the


4.3

Art. 5
5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

5.5

Company shall have one (1) year from the date on which such limit is
exceeded to convert into another legal form.

The Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution of the
shareholders of the Company adopted in accordance with article 17.1.
The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death,
suspension of civil rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any
similar event affecting one or more shareholders.

ll CAPITAL — SHARES
Capital

The share capital is set at fifteen thousand british pounds (GBP
15,000), represented by one thousand (1,000) shares in registered
form, having a nominal value of fifteen british pounds (GBP 15) each.

The share capital may be increased or reduced once or more by a
resolution of the shareholders, acting in accordance with the conditions
prescribed for the amendment of the Articles.

The Company may repurchase its own shares within the limits
prescribed by Law and may hold such repurchased shares in treasury,
or alternatively cancel such shares held in treasury. The Board is
authorised to cancel any such shares held in treasury and to proceed
with the applicable capital reduction in its discretion. In such a case, the
Board shall record the share capital decrease by way of a notarial deed.
The deed must be drawn up within one month of the cancellation and
capital decrease so decided by the Board. The voting and financial
rights attached to any shares held in treasury are suspended for so long
as the Company holds them in treasury.

The Company may maintain a general share premium account. Any
share premium paid in respect of any shares upon their issuance (and
not allocated specifically to a specific class of shares, if any, shall be
allocated to such general share premium account of the Company. The
amount of the said general share premium account will constitute freely
distributable reserves of the Company. To the extent the share capital
is divided into several classes of shares, the Company may maintain
separate share premium accounts per class. Any share premium paid
and specifically allocated to any individual class will be allocated to such
class share premium account and only distributable on such class of
shares.

The Company may maintain a general special equity reserve account
(account 115 « apport en capitaux propres non rémunérés par des
titres » of the Luxembourg Chart of Accounts provided for by the Grand
Ducal regulation of 10 June 2009). The amount of said general special
equity reserve account will constitute freely distributable reserves of the
Company. To the extent the Company has several classes of shares,
the Company may maintain separate special equity reserve accounts
per class. Any amount paid and specifically allocated to any individual


Art. 6
6.1

6.2
6.3

6.4

6.5

6.6

6.7

6.8

class will be allocated to such class special equity reserve account and
only distributable on such class of shares. To the extent not specifically
allocated to any individual class, any amounts otherwise allocated to
the special equity reserve account shall be deemed as allocated to the
general special equity reserve account.

Shares

The shares are indivisible and the Company recognises only one (1)
owner per share. Joint share owners must appoint a sole person as
their representative towards the Company. The Company has the right
to suspend the exercise of all rights attached to a jointly owned share,
except for relevant information rights, until a sole person has been
appointed as the owner of the share towards the Company.

The shares are freely transferable between shareholders.

When the Company has a sole shareholder, the shares are freely
transferable to third parties.

When the Company has more than one shareholder, the transfer of
shares (inter vivos) to third parties is subject to prior approval by
shareholders representing three-quarters of the shares of the
Company.

If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party,
such transferring shareholder must send a notice of the proposed
transfer to the Company and such transfer will be subject to the
provisions of articles 6.6 to 6.12 of these Articles.

If the proposed transfer is not approved by shareholders representing
three-quarters of the shares of the Company or if the Company has
refused to approve the transfer in accordance with the Law, the
shareholders may, within three (3) months from the date of refusal,
acquire the share(s) or procure the acquisition of the share(s), at a price
determined in accordance with article 6.8 of these Articles, save in the
circumstance where the transferring shareholder decides to forego the
transfer. Upon request of the manager(s), the three (3) month period
can be extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of
Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary
proceedings, it being understood that such extension shall not exceed
six (6) months.

The Company may, within the same timeframe as set forth in article 6.6
above and with the consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to
(i) reduce its share capital by an amount corresponding to the nominal
value of the relevant share(s) and (ii) repurchase such shares at a price
determined in accordance with articles 6.8 of these Articles.

For the purposes of articles 6.6 and 6.7 above, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares
as determined in good faith by the Board.


6.9

6.10

6.11

6.12

Art. 7
7.1

7.2

Art. 8

8.1

8.2

If following the expiry of the period referred to in articles 6.6 and 6.7
above, neither the existing shareholders have acquired the shares nor
the Company has repurchased the share(s), the transferring
shareholder may freely sell his shares to the proposed new
shareholder(s) at the transfer price and under the conditions which were
notified to the Company.

A share transfer shall only be binding on the Company or third parties
following notification to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance
with article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

For all other matters, reference is made to article 710-12 and 710-13 of
the Law.

A register of shares shall be kept at the registered office and may be
examined by any shareholder on request.

Ill MANAGEMENT — REPRESENTATION
Appointment and removal of managers

The Company shall be managed by one or more managers appointed
by a resolution of the shareholders, which sets the term of their ofﬁce.
The managers need not be shareholders.

The managers may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by
a resolution of the shareholders.

Board of managers

lf several managers are appointed, they shall constitute the Board. The
shareholders may decide to appoint managers of two different classes,
i.e. one or several class A managers and one or several class B
managers.

Powers of the Board

(i) All powers not expressly reserved to the shareholders by the Law
or the Articles fall within the competence of the Board, which has
full power to carry out and approve all acts and operations
consistent with the Company’s corporate object.

(ii) The Board may delegate special or limited powers to one or more
agents for specific matters.

(iii) The Board is authorised to delegate the day-to-day
management, and the power to represent the Company in this
respect, to one or more managers, directors or other agents,
whether shareholders or not, acting either individually or jointly,
in accordance with the Law.

Procedure

(i) The Board shall meet at the request of any two (2) managers, at
the place indicated in the convening notice, which in principle
shall be in Luxembourg.


8.3

(ii)

(iii)

(iV)

(Vi)

(vii)

Written notice of any Board meeting shall be given to all
managers at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance, except in
the case of an emergency, in which case the nature and
circumstances of such shall be set out in the notice.

No notice is required if all members of the Board are present or
represented and each of them states that they have full
knowledge of the agenda for the meeting. A manager may also
waive notice of a meeting, either before or after the meeting.
Separate written notices are not required for meetings which are
held at times and places indicated in a schedule previously
adopted by the Board.

A manager may grant to another manager a power of attorney in
order to be represented at any Board meeting.

The Board may only validly deliberate and act if a majority of its
members are present or represented. Board resolutions shall be
validly adopted by a majority of the votes of the managers
present or represented, provided that if the shareholders have
appointed one or several class A managers and one or several
class B managers, at least one (1) class A manager and one (1)
class B manager vote in favour of the resolution. Board
resolutions shall be recorded in minutes signed by the
chairperson of the meeting or, if no chairperson has been
appointed, by all the managers present or represented.

Any manager may participate in any meeting of the Board by
telephone or video conference, or by any other means of
communication which allows all those taking part in the meeting
to identify, hear and speak to each other. Participation by such
means is deemed equivalent to participation in person at a duly
convened and held meeting.

Circular resolutions signed by all the managers (Managers’
Circular Resolutions) shall be valid and binding as if passed at
a duly convened and held Board meeting, and shall bear the date
of the last signature. They are deemed to be taken at the location
of the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

Representation

(i)

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters
by the joint signature of any two (2) managers, provided that if
the shareholders have appointed different classes of managers,
namely class A and class B managers, the Company shall be
bound towards third parties in all matters by the joint signature of
any class A manager and any class B manager. In the event that
the Company is managed by a sole manager, the Company shall
be bound toward third parties in all matters by the signature of
the sole manager.


Art. 9

Art. 10

Art.11
11.1

11.2

Art. 12

12.1

(ii) The Company shall also be bound towards third parties by the
joint or single signature of any persons to whom special signatory
powers have been delegated by the Board.

Sole manager

If the Company is managed by a sole manager, all references in the
Articles to the Board, the managers or any manager are to be read as
references to the sole manager, as appropriate.

Liability of the managers

The managers shall not be held personally liable by reason of their
office for any commitment they have validly made in the name of the
Company, provided those commitments comply with the Articles and
the Law.

Conflict of interests

In the event that any manager or officer of the Company has a financial
interest which opposes that of the Company in any transaction of the
Company, such manager or officer shall make known to the Board such
financial interest, and such declaration shall be recorded in the minutes
of the Board meeting. The relevant manager shall not consider or vote
upon any such transaction. Such conflict of interest shall be reported to
the next succeeding meeting of the shareholders prior to such meeting
taking any resolution on any other item.

Notwithstanding the above, no day-to-day transactions entered into
under normal conditions, as well as no contract or other transaction
between the Company and any other company shall be affected or
invalidated by the fact that any one or more of the managers or officers
of the Company is interested in, or is a manager, director, associate,
officer or employee of such other company. Any manager or officer of
the Company who serves as a director, officer or employee of any
company or firm with which the Company shall contract or othenNise
engage in business shall not, by reason of such affiliation with such
other company or firm, be prevented from considering and voting or
acting upon any matters with respect to such contract or other business.

IV SHAREHOLDERS

General meetings of shareholders and shareholders’ written
resolutions

Powers and voting rights

(i) Unless resolutions are taken in accordance with article 12.1(ii),
resolutions of the shareholders shall be adopted at a general
meeting of shareholders (each a General Meeting).

(ii) If the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed
sixty (60), resolutions of the shareholders (save for a resolution
amending the Articles) may be adopted in writing (Written


12.2

(iii)

Shareholders’ Resolutions).

Each share entitles the holder to one (1) vote.

Notices, quorum, majority and voting procedures

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(W)

(V)

(Vi)

(vii)

(viii)
(iX)

The shareholders may be convened to General Meetings by the
Board. The Board must convene a General Meeting following a
request from shareholders representing more than half of the
share capital.

Written notice of any General Meeting shall be given to all
shareholders at least eight (8) days prior to the date of the
meeting, except in the case of an emergency, in which case the
nature and circumstances of such shall be set out in the notice.

The shareholders may vote at any general meeting by means of
voting forms provided by the Company which voting forms must
contain at least the place, date and time of the meeting, the
agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to the
shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing
the shareholder to vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from
voting by ticking the appropriate box. Voting forms which, for a
proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote in favour, or (ii) a vote
against the proposed resolutions, or (iii) an abstention, are void
with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into
account voting forms received at the latest twenty-four (24) hours
before the holding of the General Meeting to which they relate.

General Meetings shall be held at the time and place specified in
the notices.

If all the shareholders are present or represented and consider
themselves duly convened and informed of the agenda of the
General Meeting, it may be held without prior notice.

A shareholder may grant written power of attorney to another
person (who need not be a shareholder), in order to be
represented at any General Meeting.

A shareholder may participate in any General Meeting by
telephone or video conference, or by any other means of
communication which allows all those taking part in the meeting
to identify, hear and speak to each other. Participation by such
means is deemed equivalent to participation in person at the
meeting. One (1) shareholder or its proxyholder must however
be physically present at the registered office of the Company in
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

An attendance list must be kept at all General Meetings.

Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed
by shareholders owning more than one-half of the share capital.
If this majority is not reached at the first General Meeting, the

8


shareholders shall be convened by registered letter to a second
General Meeting and the resolutions shall be adopted at the
second General Meeting by a majority of the votes cast,
irrespective of the proportion of the share capital represented.

(x) The Board may suspend the voting rights of any shareholder in
breach of its obligations as described by these Articles or any
relevant agreement which may be entered into among the
Company and the shareholders from time to time (if any).

(xi) A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise,
temporarily or permanently, all or part of his voting rights by
means of formal waiver of its rights. The waiving shareholder is
bound by such waiver and the waiver must be recognized by the
Company upon notiﬁcation.

(xii) In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 12.2(x) or the exercise of
the voting rights has been waived by one or several shareholders
in accordance with article 12.2(xi), such shareholders may attend
any General Meeting but the shares they hold shall not be taken
into account for the determination of the conditions of quorum
and majority to be complied with at the General Meetings or to
determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

(xiii) The Company shall recognize any voting arrangements agreed
in any agreement which may be entered into among the
Company and the shareholders from time to time (if any), to the
extent that such voting arrangements are not in conflict with the
provisions of article 710-20 of the Law.

(xiv) The Articles may only be amended and the nationality of the
Company may only be changed with the consent of shareholders
owning at least three-quarters of the share capital.

(xv) Any increase in the commitments of the shareholders to the
Company shall require the unanimous consent of the
shareholders.

(xvi) When resolutions are to be adopted in writing, the Board shall
send the text of such resolutions to all the shareholders. The
shareholders shall vote in writing and return their vote to the
Company within the timeline fixed by the Board. Each manager
shall be entitled to count the votes. Written Shareholders’
Resolutions are passed with the quorum and majority
requirements set forth above and shall bear the date of the last
signature received prior to the expiry of the timeline fixed by the
Board.

Art. 13 Sole shareholder

When the number of shareholders is reduced to one (1):


Art. 14
14.1

14.2

14.3

14.4

14.5

Art. 15
15.1

(i) the sole shareholder shall exercise all powers granted by the Law
to the General Meeting;

(ii) any reference in the Articles to the shareholders, the General
Meeting, or the Written Shareholders’ Resolutions is to be read
as a reference to the sole shareholder or the sole shareholder’s
resolutions, as appropriate; and

(iii) the resolutions of the sole shareholder shall be recorded in
minutes or drawn up in writing.

ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — SUPERVISION — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS

Financial year and approval of annual accounts

The financial year begins on the first (1) of November and ends on the
thirty-first (31) of October of each year.

Each year, the Board must prepare the balance sheet and profit and
loss account, together with an inventory stating the value of the
Company’s assets and liabilities, with an annex summarising the
Company’s commitments and the debts owed by its managers and
shareholders to the Company.

Any shareholder may inspect the inventory and balance sheet at the
registered office.

The balance sheet and profit and loss accounts must be approved in
the following manner:

(i) if the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed
sixty (60), within six (6) months following the end of the relevant
financial year either (a) at the annual General Meeting (if held) or
(b) by way of Written Shareholders’ Resolutions; or

(ii) if the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds sixty (60),
at the annual General Meeting.

If the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds sixty (60), the
annual General Meeting shall be held within the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, as specified in the notice, within six (6) months following
the end of the relevant financial year.

Auditors

In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, the Company’s operations shall be supervised by one or
more supervisory auditors (commissaires). The General Meeting shall
appoint the supervisory auditors, if any, and determine their number
and remuneration and the term of their office. A supervisory auditor may
be removed at any time, without notice and with or without cause, by
the General Meeting. The supervisory auditor(s) have an unlimited right
of permanent supervision and control of all transactions of the Company

10


15.2

Art. 16
16.1

16.2

16.3

17.1

The General Meeting may appoint one or more statutory auditors
(réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) in which case the institution of the
supervisory auditor(s) is no longer required. A statutory auditor may
only be removed by the General Meeting for cause or with his approval.

Allocation of profits

Five per cent (5%) of the Company’s annual net profits must be
allocated to the reserve required by law (the Legal Reserve). This
requirement ceases when the Legal Reserve reaches an amount equal
to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital.

The shareholders shall determine the allocation of the balance of the
annual net profits. They may decide on the payment of a dividend, to
transfer the balance to a reserve account, or to carry it forward in
accordance with the applicable legal provisions.

Interim dividends may be distributed at any time, subject to the following
conditions and taking into account the provisions of article 16:

(i) the Board must draw up interim accounts;

(ii) the interim accounts must show that sufficient profits and other
reserves (including share premium) are available for distribution;
it being understood that the amount to be distributed may not
exceed the profits made since the end of the last financial year
for which the annual accounts have been approved, if any,
increased by profits carried forward and distributable reserves,
and reduced by losses carried forward and sums to be allocated
to the Legal Reserve;

(iii) within two (2) months of the date of the interim accounts, the
Board must resolve to distribute the interim dividends; and

(iv) the supervisory auditors (commissaires) or the statutory auditors
(réviseurs d’entreprises agréés), if any, verify that the above
conditions have been duly fulfilled.

When payments of interim dividends on account exceed the amount of
the dividend subsequently decided upon by the general meeting, the
amount overpaid will be deemed to have been paid on account for the
next dividend.

VI DISSOLUTION — LIQUIDATION

The Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the
shareholders adopted with the consent of half of the shareholders
owning at least three-quarters of the share capital. The shareholders
shall appoint one or more liquidators, who need not be shareholders, to
carry out the liquidation, and shall determine their number, powers and
remuneration. Unless otherwise decided by the shareholders, the
liquidators shall have full power to realise the Company’s assets and
pay its liabilities.

11


17.2 The surplus (if any) after realisation of the assets and payment of the
liabilities shall be distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the
shares held by each of them.

VII GENERAL PROVISIONS

18.1 Notices and communications may be made or waived, Managers’
Circular Resolutions and Written Shareholders Resolutions may be
evidenced, in writing, by fax, email or any other means of electronic
communication.

18.2 Powers of attorney may be granted by any of the means described
above. Powers of attorney in connection with Board meetings may also
be granted by a manager, in accordance with such conditions as may
be accepted by the Board.

18.3 Signatures may be in handwritten or electronic form, provided they fulfil
all legal requirements for being deemed equivalent to handwritten
signatures. Signatures of the Managers’ Circular Resolutions, the
resolutions adopted by the Board by telephone or video conference or
the Written Shareholders’ Resolutions, as the case may be, may appear
on one original or several counterparts of the same document, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

18.4 All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be
determined in accordance with the applicable law and, subject to any
non-waivable provisions of the law, with any agreement entered into by
the shareholders from time to time.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISION

The Company’s first financial year shall begin on the date of this deed and shall
end on the thirty-ﬁrst (31) of October 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

Falco Capital Limited, represented as stated above, subscribes for one thousand
(1,000) shares in registered form, having a nominal value of fifteen british pounds
(GBP 15) each, and agrees to pay them in full by a contribution in cash of fifteen
thousand british pounds (GBP 15,000).

The amount of ﬁfteen thousand british pounds (GBP 15,000) is at the Company’s
disposal and evidence of such amount has been given to the undersigned notary.

COSTS

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever to be borne by
the Company in connection with its incorporation are estimated at approximately
one thousand five hundred euros (EUR 1,500-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, its sole shareholder,
representing the entire subscribed capital, adopted the following resolutions:

1 The following person is appointed as sole class A manager of the

12


Company for an indefinite period:

Jonathan Lamb, born on 10 November 1976 in Harrow, United
Kingdom, having his professional address at City Pavilion, 27
Bush Lane, London EC4R 0AA, United Kingdom.

2 The following persons are appointed as class B managers of the
Company for an indefinite period:

(i) Barry Gerard Black, born on 29 December 1966 in Dublin,
Ireland, having his professional address at 19, Rue Eugene
Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

(ii) Bernice Claire Harte, born on 22 June 1972 in Cork, Ireland,
having her professional address at 19, Rue Eugene Ruppert, L-
2453, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

3 The registered office of the Company is located 19, Rue Eugene
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

CONTROL

The undersigned notary expressly confirms compliance with the conditions
mentioned in articles 710-6 and 710-7(1) of the Law.

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English, states at the
request of the appearing party that this deed is drawn up in English, followed by
a French version, and that in the case of discrepancies, the English version
prevails.

This notarial deed is drawn up in Ettelbruck, on the date stated above.

After reading this deed aloud, the notary signs it with the authorised
representative of the appearing party.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE :
L’an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-huitième jour de décembre,

Par devant le soussigné Elisabeth Reinard, notaire de résidence a Ettelbruck,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

A COMPARU :

Falco Capital Limited, une société de droit britannique, ayant son siege social
au City Pavilion, 27 Bush Lane, London EC4R 0AA, Royaume Uni, enregistrée
aupres du Registre des Sociétés d’Angleterre et du Pays de Galles sous le
numéro 10867959,

Représentée par Helena Ramos, employée du notaire exécutant, avec adresse
professionnelle au 2 Place de l'Hôtel de Ville L-9087 Ettelbruck, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé.

Apres avoir été signée ne varietur par le mandataire de la partie comparante et
Ie notaire instrumentant, Iadite procuration restera annexée au présent acte pour
les formalités de I’enregistrement.

13


La partie comparante, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, a prié le notaire
instrumentant d’acter de la façon suivante les statuts d’une société à
responsabilité limitée qui est ainsi constituée :

Art. 1

Art. 2
2.1

2.2

Art. 3
3.1

3.2

3.3

DENOMINATION — SIEGE SOCIAL — OBJET— DUREE
Dénomination

Le nom de la société est "New Avenue GP" (la Société). La Société
est une société à responsabilité limitée régie par les lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, en particulier parla loi du 10 août 1915 sur les
sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la Loi), ainsi que par les
présents statuts (les Statuts).

Siège social

Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Il peut être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution du conseil de gérance (le
Conseil), qui peut modifier les Statuts pour refléter ce changement.

Il peut être créé des succursales, filiales ou autres bureaux tant au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu’à l’étranger par décision du Conseil.
Lorsque le Conseil estime que des développements ou événements
extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou militaire se sont produits ou sont
imminents, et que ces développements ou événements sont de nature
à compromettre les activités normales de la Société a son siège social,
ou la communication aisée entre le siège social et l’étranger, le siège
social peut être transféré provisoirement à l’étranger, jusqu’a cessation
complète de ces circonstances. Ces mesures provisoires n’ont aucun
effet sur la nationalité de la Société qui, nonobstant le transfert
provisoire de son siège social, reste une société luxembourgeoise.

Objet social

L’objet de la Société est la prise de participation en tant qu’associé
commandité, et la gestion en tant qu’associé gérant commandité de
Weybridge No.1 SCSp, une société en commandite spéciale régie par
la loi du 10 Août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée.

La Société peut également acquérir par souscription, achat et échange
ou de toute autre manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de
participation, obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et autres
instruments de dette, et plus généralement, toutes valeurs et
instruments financiers émis par toute entité publique ou privée en son
nom pour son propre compte ou pour le compte de toute autre entité.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit, soit par voie
d’offre publique ou privée. La Société peut également consentir des
garanties et nantir, céder, grever de charges ou autrement créer et
accorder des sûretés sur toute ou partie de ses actifs afin de garantir
ses propres obligations et celles de toute autre société et, de manière
générale, en sa faveur et en faveur de toute autre société ou personne.

14


3.4

3.5

Art. 4
4.1
4.2

4.3

Art. 5
5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

En tout état de cause, la Société ne peut effectuer aucune activité
réglementée du secteur financier sans avoir obtenu l’autorisation
requise.

La Société peut employer toutes |es moyens juridiques et instruments
nécessaires a une gestion efficace de ses investissements et a sa
protection contre les risques de crédit, les fluctuations monétaires, les
fluctuations de taux d’intérêt et autres risques.

La Société peut effectuer toutes les opérations commerciales,
financières ou industrielles et toutes les transactions concernant des
biens immobiliers ou mobiliers qui, directement ou indirectement,
favorisent ou se rapportent à son objet social.

Durée
La Société est constituée pour une durée indéterminée.

La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés avec un maximum de
cent (100) associés. Au cas où le nombre d’associés vient à dépasser
la limite de cent (100), la Société disposera d’un délai d’un (1) an a
compter de la date a laquelle cette limite aura été dépassée pour être
transformée.

La Société peut être dissoute a tout moment par résolution des
associés de la Société adoptée conformément à l’article 17.1. La
Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de l’interdiction, de
l’incapacité, de l’insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre événement
similaire affectant un ou plusieurs associés.

ll CAPITAL — PARTS SOCIALES
Capital

Le capital social est fixé à quinze mille livres sterling (GBP 15.000),
représenté par mille (1.000) parts sociales sous forme nominative,
ayant une valeur nominale de quinze livres Sterling (GBP 15) chacune.

Le capital social peut être augmenté ou réduit à une ou plusieurs
reprises par une résolution des associés, adoptée selon les modalités
requises pour la modification des Statuts.

La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales dans les limites
prévues par la Loi et peut détenir ces parts sociales rachetées en
portefeuille ou, alternativement, les annuler. Le Conseil est autorisé à
annuler ces parts sociales détenues en portefeuille et à procéder à sa
discrétion a la réduction de capital afférente. Dans ce cas, le Conseil
fait constater la réduction de capital par acte notarié. L’acte doit être
dressé dans le mois de l’annulation et de la diminution du capital social
ainsi décidées par le Conseil. Les droits de vote et les droits financiers
attachés aux parts sociales détenues en portefeuille sont suspendus
pendant la durée de leur détention parla Société.

La Société peut maintenir un compte de prime d’émission général.

15


5.5

Art. 6
6.1

6.2
6.3

6.4

6.5

Toute prime d'émission payée lors de l'émission de parts sociales (qui
n’est pas affecté spécifiquement à une catégorie spécifique de parts
sociales) sera affectée à ce compte de prime d'émission général de la
Société. Le montant dudit compte de prime d'émission général
constitue des réserves librement distribuables de la Société. Dans la
mesure où le capital social est divisé en plusieurs catégories de parts
sociales, la Société peut maintenir des comptes de prime d’émission
par catégorie séparés. Toute prime versée et spécifiquement affectée
à une seule catégorie est affectée au compte de prime d’émission de
cette catégorie et distribuable uniquement aux parts sociales de cette
catégorie.

La Société peut maintenir un compte spécial de réserve en capitaux
propres général (compte 115 « apport en capitaux propres non
rémunérés par des titres » du Plan Comptable Normalisé
Luxembourgeois prévu par le règlement grand-ducal du 10 juin 2009).
Le montant de ce compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres
général constitue des réserves librement distribuables de la Société.
Dans la mesure où le capital social est divisé en plusieurs catégories
de parts sociales, la Société peut maintenir des comptes spéciaux de
réserve en capitaux propres par catégorie séparés. Toute prime versée
et spécifiquement affectée à une seule catégorie est affectée au
compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres de cette catégorie et
distribuable uniquement aux parts sociales de cette catégorie. Dans la
mesure où ils n’ont pas été spécifiquement affectés à une catégorie
individuelle, tous les montants ainsi affectés au compte spécial de
réserve en capitaux propres seront considérés comme affectés au
compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres général.

Parts sociales

Les parts sociales sont indivisibles et la Société ne reconnaît qu’un (1)
seul propriétaire par part sociale. Les copropriétaires doivent désigner
une seule personne qui les représente à l’égard de la Société. La
Société a le droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous les droits afférents à
une part sociale détenue en copropriété à l’exclusion du droit à
l’information jusqu’a ce qu’une seule personne soit désignée comme
étant propriétaire de la part sociale à l’égard de la Société.

Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, les parts sociales sont
librement cessibles aux tiers.

Lorsque la Société a plus d’un associé, la cession des parts sociales
(inter vivos) a des tiers est soumise à l’agrément préalable des associés
représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales de la Société.

Si un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales a des
tiers, cet associé cédant doit notifier la cession proposée à la Société,
et un tel transfert sera soumis aux dispositions des articles 6.6 a 6.12

16


6.6

6.7

6.8

6.9

6.10

6.11

6.12

Art. 7
7.1

7.2

Art. 8

de ces Statuts.

Si le transfert proposé n’est pas approuvé par les associés représentant
au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales de la Société ou si la
Société a refusé de consentir à la cession conformément à la Loi, les
associés peuvent, dans les trois (3) mois a compter de ce refus,
acquérir ou faire acquérir la/les part(s) sociale(s) a un prix fixé
conformément à l’article 6.8 des Statuts, sauf dans la situation où le
cédant renonce à la cession de ses parts sociales. Ala requête du/des
gérant(s), le délai de trois (3) mois peut être prolongé par le magistrat
présidant la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg
siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé, sans
que cette prolongation puisse dépasser six (6) mois.

La Société peut également, dans Ie méme délai tel que mentionné dans
l’article 6.6 ci-dessus et avec le consentement de l’associé cédant, (i)
décider de réduire son capital social du montant de la valeur nominale
des parts sociales concernées et (ii) racheter lesdites parts sociales a
un prix ﬁxé conformément à l’article 6.8 des Statuts.

Aux fins des articles 6.6 et 6.7, le prix de cession ou le prix de rachat
correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales telle que
déterminée de bonne foi parle Conseil.

Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti mentionné dans les articles 6.6 et 6.7
ci-dessus, les associés existants n’ont pas acquis les parts sociales et
la Société n’a pas racheté ces parts sociales, l’associé cédant pourra
vendre ses parts sociales au nouvel associé proposé au prix de cession
et dans les conditions prévues et notifiées a la Société.

Une cession de parts sociales ne sera opposable à l’égard de la Société
ou des tiers, qu’après avoir été notifiée à la Société ou acceptée par
celle-ci conformément à l’article 1690 du Code Civil luxembourgeois.

Pour tous les autres points, il est fait référence aux articles 710-12 et
710-13 dela Loi.

Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social et peut être
consulté à la demande de chaque associé.

Ill GESTION — REPRESENTATION
Nomination et révocation des gérants

La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants nommés par une
résolution des associés qui fixe la durée de leur mandat. Les gérants
ne doivent pas nécessairement être des associés.

Les gérants sont révocables a tout moment, avec ou sans raison, par
une résolution des associés.

Conseil de gérance

Si plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils constitueront le Conseil. Les
associés peuvent décider de nommer des gérants de deux différentes

17


8.1

8.2

classes, a savoir un ou plusieurs gérants de classe A et un ou plusieurs
gérants de classe B.

Pouvoirs du Conseil

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi ou les
Statuts aux associés sont de la compétence du Conseil, qui a
tous les pouvoirs pour effectuer et approuver tous les actes et
opérations conformes à l’objet social.

Le Conseil peut déléguer des pouvoirs spéciaux ou limités pour
des tâches spécifiques à un ou plusieurs agents.

Le Conseil est autorisé à déléguer la gestion journalière et le
pouvoir de représenter la Société a cet égard, à un ou plusieurs
gérants, directeurs et autres agents, associés ou non, agissant
individuellement ou conjointement, conformément à la Loi.

Procédure

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(W)

(V)

Le Conseil se réunit sur convocation de deux (2) gérants au lieu
indiqué dans l’avis de convocation, qui en principe, est au
Luxembourg.

Une convocation écrite de toute réunion du Conseil est donnée
a tous les gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures a l’avance,
sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et les circonstances
de cette urgence sont mentionnées dans la convocation à la
réunion.

Aucune convocation n’est requise si tous les membres du
Conseil sont présents ou représentés et si chacun d’eux déclare
avoir parfaite connaissance de l’ordre du jour de la réunion. Un
gérant peut également renoncer à la convocation à une réunion,
que ce soit avant ou après ladite réunion. Des convocations
écrites séparées ne sont pas exigées pour des réunions se
tenant aux lieux et aux heures fixés dans un calendrier
préalablement adopté par le Conseil.

Un gérant peut donner une procuration à un autre gérant afin
d’être représenté à toute réunion du Conseil.

Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si la majorité
de ses membres sont présents ou représentés. Les décisions du
Conseil sont valablement adoptées à la majorité des voix des
gérants présents ou représentés, à condition qu’au moins un (1)
gérant de classe A et un (1) gérant de classe B votent en faveur
de la décision si les associés ont nommé un ou plusieurs gérants
de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B. Les décisions
du Conseil sont consignées dans des procès-verbaux signés par
le président de la réunion ou, si aucun président n’a été nommé,
par tous les gérants présents ou représentés à la réunion ou par
le secrétaire (s’il en existe un).

18


8.3

Art. 9

Art. 10

Art.11
11.1

(vi) Tout gérant peut participer a toute réunion du Conseil par
téléphone ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant à l’ensemble des personnes
participant a la réunion de s’identifier, de s’entendre et de se
parler. La participation par un de ces moyens équivaut à une
participation en personne a une réunion valablement convoquée
et tenue.

(vii) Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants (les
Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants) sont valables et
engagent la Société comme si elles avaient été adoptées lors
d’une réunion du Conseil valablement convoquée et tenue et
portent la date de la dernière signature. Elles sont réputées être
prises au siège social de la Société.

Représentation

(i) La Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes
circonstances par les signatures conjointes de deux gérants.
Toutefois, si les associés ont nommé différentes classes de
gérants, a savoir des gérants de classe A et des gérants de
classe B, la Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes
circonstances par les signatures conjointes d’un gérant de classe
A et d’un gérant de classe B. Dans l’hypothèse où la Société est
gérée par un gérant unique, la Société est engagée vis-à-vis des
tiers en toutes circonstances parla signature du gérant unique.

(ii) La Société est également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la
signature unique ou conjointe de toutes personnes a qui des
pouvoirs de signature spéciaux ont été délégués par le Conseil.

Gérant unique

Si la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, toute référence dans les
Statuts au Conseil ou aux gérants doit être considérée, le cas échéant,
comme une référence au gérant unique.

Responsabilité des gérants

Les gérants ne contractent, a raison de leur fonction, aucune obligation
personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par eux au
nom de la Société, dans la mesure où ces engagements sont
conformes aux Statuts et a la Loi.

Conflit d’intérêts

Dans l’éventualité où un gérant ou un agent de la Société a un intérêt
financier opposé à celui de la Société a l’occasion d’une transaction
avec la Société, ledit gérant ou agent concerné en informera le Conseil
et cette déclaration sera consignée dans le procès-verbal de la réunion
du Conseil. Le gérant concerné ne délibérera pas ni ne prendra part au
vote sur cette transaction. Ce conflit d’intérêt sera rapporté à la
première prochaine assemblée des associés avant qu’elle ne statue sur

19


11.2

Art. 12

12.1

12.2

tout autre point.

Nonobstant ce qui précède, aucune transaction journalière conclue
dans des conditions normales, ni aucun contrat ou autre transaction
entre la Société et toute autre société ne sera impactée ou invalidée
par le fait qu’un ou plusieurs des gérants ou agents dela Société n’aient
un intérêt, ne soit gérant, administrateur, associé, agent ou employé de
cette autre société. Tout gérant ou membre de la Société qui serait
administrateur, agent ou employé d’une société ou d’une entreprise
avec laquelle la Société signerait un contrat ou s’engagerait en affaires,
ne sera pas, du fait de son affiliation avec cette autre société ou
entreprise, empêché de délibérer et de voter ou d’agir sur les points en
rapport avec ces contrats ou autres affaires.

IV ASSOCIES

Assemblées générales des associés et résolutions écrites des
associés

Pouvoirs et droits de vote

(i) Sauf Iorsque des résolutions sont adoptées conformément à
l’article 12.1 .(ii), les résolutions des associés sont adoptées en
assemblée générale des associés (chacune une Assemblée
Générale).

(ii) Si le nombre des associés dela Société ne dépasse pas soixante
(60), les résolutions des associés (hormis les
résolutions modifiant les Statuts) peuvent étre adoptées par écrit
(des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés).

(iii) Chaque part sociale donne droit a un (1) vote.
Convocations, quorum, majorité et procédure de vote

(i) Les associés peuvent être convoqués aux Assemblées
Générales à l’initiative du Conseil. Le Conseil doit convoquer une
Assemblée Générale à la demande des associés représentant
plus de la moitié du capital social.

(ii) Une convocation écrite à toute Assemblée Générale est donnée
a tous les associés au moins huit (8) jours avant la date de
l’assemblée, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas, la nature et les
circonstances de cette urgence doivent être précisées dans la
convocation à ladite assemblée.

(iii) Les associés peuvent voter à toute assemblée générale par des
formulaires de vote fournis parla Société, lesdits formulaires de
vote devant faire au moins apparaitre le lieu, la date et l’heure de
l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les propositions
soumises aux associés ainsi que pour chaque proposition trois
cases permettant à l’associé de voter pour, contre ou de
s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case prévue à cet effet. Les
formulaires de vote qui ne font pas apparaitre, pour une

20


(W)

(V)

(Vi)

(vii)

(viii)

(iX)

(Xi)

(xii)

résolution proposée (i) un vote pour, ou (ii) un vote contre, ou (iii)
une abstention, sont considérés nuls pour cette résolution. La
Société ne prend en considération que les formulaires de vote
reçus au plus tard vingt-quatre (24) heures avant la tenue de
l’Assemblée Générale à laquelle ils se rapportent.

Les Assemblées Générales se tiennent au lieu et heure précisés
dans les convocations.

Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés et se
considèrent comme ayant été valablement convoqués et
informés de l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, l’Assemblée
Générale peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

Un associé peut donner une procuration écrite à toute autre
personne, associé ou non, afin d’être représenté à toute
Assemblée Générale.

Un associé peut participer a toute Assemblée Générale par
téléphone ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant à l’ensemble des personnes
participant a la réunion de s’identifier, de s’entendre et de se
parler. La participation par un de ces moyens équivaut à une
participation en personne a cette assemblée. Un (1) associé ou
son mandataire doit néanmoins être physiquement présent au
siège social de la Société au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Il est tenu une liste des présences a chaque Assemblée
Générale.

Les décisions de l’Assemblée Générale sont adoptées par des
associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette
majorité n’est pas atteinte à la première Assemblée Générale,
les associés sont convoqués par lettre recommandée à une
seconde Assemblée Générale et les décisions sont adoptées par
l’Assemblée Générale à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans
tenir compte de la proportion du capital social représenté.

Le Conseil peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout associé qui
manque a ses obligations décrites dans les présents Statuts ou
dans toute convention pertinente qui peut être conclue entre la
Société et les associés de temps a autre (s’il y en a une).

Un associé peut décider à titre personnel de ne pas exercer, de
manière temporaire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits
de vote par renonciation formelle a ses droits. L’associé qui y
renonce est engagé par cette renonciation et la renonciation
s’impose à l’égard de la Société dès notiﬁcation à cette dernière.

Au cas où les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont
suspendus conformément à l’article 12.2(x) ou qu’un ou
plusieurs associés ont renoncé à l’exercice de leurs droits de

21


(xiii)

(xiv)

(XV)

(xvi)

vote conformément à l’article 12.2(xi), ces associés peuvent
assister a toute Assemblée Générale mais les parts sociales
qu’ils possèdent ne sont pas prises en compte pour déterminer
les conditions de quorum et de majorité a respecter aux
Assemblées Générales ou déterminer si des résolutions écrites
ont été valablement adoptées.

La Société reconnaitra tous arrangements de vote convenus
dans une convention que les associés et la Société peuvent
conclure de temps a autre (s’il y en a une) dans la mesure où ces
arrangements ne s’opposent pas aux dispositions de l’article
710-20 de la Loi.

Les Statuts ne peuvent être modifiés et la nationalité de la
Société ne peut être changée qu’avec le consentement des
associés détenant au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.

Toute augmentation des engagements des associés de la
Société requiert le consentement unanime des associés.

Lorsque des résolutions doivent être adoptées par écrit, le
Conseil communique le texte des résolutions a tous les associés.
Les associés votent par écrit et envoient leur vote a la Société
dans le délai fixé par le Conseil. Chaque gérant est autorisé à
compter les votes. Des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés sont
adoptées avec le quorum de présence et de majorité détaillés ci-
dessus. Elles porteront la date de la dernière signature reçue
avant l’expiration du délai fixé parle Conseil.

Art. 13 Associé unique

Art. 14
14.1

14.2

Lorsque le nombre des associés est réduit à un (1) :

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

l’associé unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi à
l’Assemblée Générale ;

toute référence dans les Statuts aux associés, à l’Assemblée
Générale ou aux Résolutions Ecrites des Associés doit être
considérée, le cas échéant, comme une référence à l’associé
unique ou aux résolutions de ce dernier ; et

les résolutions de l’associé unique sont consignées dans des
procès-verbaux ou rédigées par écrit.

COMPTES ANNUELS — CONTRÔLE — AFFECTATION DES

BENEFICES

Exercice social et approbation des comptes annuels

L’exercice social commence le premier (1) novembre et se termine le
trente-et-un (31) octobre de chaque année.

Chaque année, le Conseil doit dresser le bilan et le compte de profits
et pertes, ainsi qu’un inventaire indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs
de la Société, avec une annexe résumant les engagements de la

22


14.3

14.4

14.5

Art. 15
15.1

15.2

Art. 16
16.1

16.2

16.3

Société ainsi que les dettes des gérants et des associés envers la
Société.

Tout associé peut prendre connaissance de l’inventaire et du bilan au
siège social.

Le bilan et le compte de proﬁts et pertes doivent être approuvés de la
façon suivante :

(i) si le nombre des associés de la Société ne dépasse pas soixante
(60), dans les six (6) mois de la clôture de l’exercice social en
question, soit (a) par l’Assemblée Générale annuelle (si elle est
tenue), soit (b) par voie de Résolutions Ecrites des Associés ; ou

(ii) si le nombre des associés de la Société dépasse soixante (60),
par l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.

Si le nombre des associés de la Société dépasse soixante (60),
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle se tient au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, comme indiqué dans la convocation, dans les six (6) mois
de la fin de l’exercice social en question.

Commissaires I réviseurs d’entreprises

Si et tant que la Société a plus de soixante (60) associés, les opérations
de la Société sont contrôlées par un ou plusieurs commissaires.
L’Assemblée Générale nomme les commissaires, s’il y a lieu, et
détermine leur nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat.
Un commissaire peut être révoqué a tout moment, avec ou sans
notification et avec ou sans motif, par l’Assemblée Générale. Les
commissaires ont un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanent de toutes les transactions de la Société.

L’Assemblée Générale peut nommer un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d’entreprises agréés auquel cas la nomination de commissaires n’est
plus nécessaire. Un réviseur d’entreprises agréé ne peut être révoqué
par l’Assemblée Générale qu’avec un motif ou avec son accord.

Affectation des bénéfices

Cinq pour cent (5 %) des bénéfices nets annuels de la Société sont
affectés à la réserve requise par la Loi (la Réserve Légale). Cette
affectation cesse d’être exigée quand la Réserve Légale atteint dix pour
cent (10 %) du capital social.

Les associés décident de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices nets
annuels. Ils peuvent allouer ce bénéfice au paiement d’un dividende,
l’affecter a un compte de réserve ou le reporter en respectant les
dispositions légales applicables.

Des dividendes intérimaires peuvent être distribués à tout moment, aux
conditions suivantes et en tenant compte des stipulations de l’article 16:

(i) le Conseil établit des comptes intérimaires ;

23


17.1

17.2

18.1

18.2

18.3

(ii) ces comptes intérimaires doivent montrer que suffisamment de
bénéfices et autres réserves (y compris la prime d’émission) sont
disponibles pour une distribution ; étant entendu que le montant
à distribuer ne peut pas dépasser le montant des bénéfices
réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice social dont les comptes
annuels ont été approuvés, le cas échéant, augmenté des
bénéfices reportés et des réserves distribuables, et réduit par les
pertes reportées et les sommes à affecter a la Réserve Légale ;

(iii) le Conseil doit décider de distribuer les dividendes intérimaires
dans les deux (2) mois suivant la date des comptes intérimaires
; et

(iv) les commissaires ou les réviseurs d’entreprises agréés, s’il y en
a, vérifient que les conditions susmentionnées ont été
valablement accomplies.

Lorsque les dividendes qui ont été payés en acompte excèdent le
montant des dividendes fixés ultérieurement par l’assemblée générale,
le montant trop-perçu sera réputé avoir été payé en acompte du futur
dividende.

VI DISSOLUTION — LIQUIDATION

La Société peut étre dissoute a tout moment, par une résolution des
associés adoptée par la moitié des associés détenant au moins les
trois-quarts du capital social. Les associés nommeront un ou plusieurs
liquidateurs, qui n’ont pas besoin d’être associés, pour réaliser la
liquidation et détermineront leur nombre, pouvoirs et rémunération.
8an décision contraire des associés, les liquidateurs sont investis des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour réaliser les actifs et payer les dettes de
la Société.

Le boni de liquidation après la réalisation des actifs et le paiement des
dettes, s’il y en a, est distribué aux associés proportionnellement aux
parts sociales détenues par chacun d’entre eux.

VII DISPOSITIONS GENERALES

Les convocations et communications, ainsi que les renonciations à
celles-ci, peuvent être faites, et les Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants
ainsi que les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés peuvent être établies
par écrit, téléfax, e-mail ou tout autre moyen de communication
électronique.

Les procurations peuvent être données par tout moyen mentionné ci-
dessus. Les procurations relatives aux réunions du Conseil peuvent
également être données par un gérant conformément aux conditions
acceptées par le Conseil.

Les signatures peuvent être sous forme manuscrite ou électronique, a
condition de satisfaire aux conditions légales pour être assimilées à des
signatures manuscrites. Les signatures des Résolutions Circulaires des

24


Gérants, des résolutions adoptées par le Conseil par téléphone ou
visioconférence et des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés, selon le cas,
peuvent être apposées sur un original ou sur plusieurs copies du même
document, qui ensemble, constituent un seul et unique document.

18.4 Pour tous les points non expressément prévus par les Statuts, il est fait
référence a la loi et, sous réserve des dispositions légales d’ordre
public, a tout accord présent ou futur conclu entre les associés.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice social de la Société commence a la date du présent acte et
s’achèvera le 31 octobre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Falco Capital Limited, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare souscrire
à mille (1.000) parts sociales sous forme nominative, d’une valeur nominale de
quinze livres sterling (GBP 15) chacune, et les libérer intégralement par un apport
en numéraire d’un montant de quinze mille livres sterling (GBP 15.000).

Le montant de quinze mille livres sterling (GBP 15.000) est a la disposition de la
Société, comme il a été prouvé au notaire instrumentant.

FRAIS

Les dépenses, coûts, honoraires et charges de toutes sortes qui incombent a la
Société du fait de sa constitution s’élèvent approximativement à mille cinq cents
euros (1 .500- EUR).

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIÉ UNIQUE

Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, l’associé unique de la Société,
représentant l’intégralité du capital social souscrit, a pris les résolutions
suivantes:

1 La personne suivante est nommée en qualité de gérant de classe A :

Jonathan Lamb, né le 10 novembre 1976 a Harrow, Royaume
Uni, ayant son adresse professionnelle au City Pavilion, 27 Bush
Lane, London EC4R 0AA, Royaume Uni.

2 Les personnes suivantes sont nommées en qualité de gérants de
classe B de la Société pour une durée indéterminée :

(i) Barry Gerard Black, né le 29 décembre 1966 à Dublin, Irlande,
ayant son adresse professionnelle au 19, Rue Eugène Ruppert,
L-2453, Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg; et

(ii) Bernice Claire Harte, née le 22 juin 1972 à Cork, lrlande, ayant
son adresse professionnelle au 19, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453, Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg.

3 Le siège social de la Société est établi au 19, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

VERIFICATION

25


Le Notaire instrumentant constate expressément l’accomplissement des
conditions énoncées aux articles 710-6 et 710-7(1) de la Loi.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle l’anglais, déclare qu’a la requête de
la partie comparante que le présent acte est rédigé en anglais, suivi d’une
traduction française et qu’en cas de divergences, la version anglaise fait foi.

Fait et passé a Ettelbruck, a la date qu’en tête des présentes.

Après avoir lu le présent acte a voix haute, le notaire le signe avec le mandataire
de la partie comparante.

Signé : Helena Ramos, Elisabeth Reinard.

Enregistré a Diekirch Actes Civils,
Le 21 décembre 2018

Relation : DAC/2018/17886

Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75,00 €

Le Receveur, (s.) Carlo Rodenbour

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

Délivrée aux fins de publication au Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et
Associations (RESA)

Ettelbruck, le 24 décembre 2018

26


