Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : F12099

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.316
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019
Déposé et enregistré le 03/01/2019

thinkBLOCKtank

Association sans but lucratif

Siege social : 8, rue de la Poste, L-2346 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg


Follows the English original:

"thinkBLOCKtank"

Association sans but lucratif

Registered office: 8, rue de la Poste, L-2346 Luxembourg

Articles of Association
(”Articles”)

Between the founder members and all members accepted as such at a later date, in accordance with
the provisions of these Articles of Association a not-for-profit association is founded, which is
regulated by the amended act of 21 April 1928 relating to not-for-profit associations and
foundations, as may be amended or replaced from time to time (the "Act") in Luxembourg and by
these Articles.

TITLE 1 INCORPORATION ACT

Article 1 — The Association, name, registered office

(1)

(2)

(3)
(4)

The ”thinkBLOCKtank” is a non-profit association of researchers, scholars, experts and
professionals in the fields of the Blockchain Technologies (as defined below), set up in
accordance with the Luxembourg Act of 21 April 1928, as amended (hereafter the
”Association").

The registered office is established in the City of Luxembourg.
The registered office may be moved to any other address within the country by a decision

of the Board of Directors (the ”Board").

The Association may create administrative offices, branches, agencies or similar at any
place in the country of Luxembourg.

The Association is incorporated for an unlimited duration.

The financial year shall correspond to the calendar year.
The first financial year ends on 31 December 2019.

Article 2 — Objectives

(1)

The objectives of the Association, which are non-profit making, are all activities affecting
and relating to blockchain and distributed ledger technologies, as well as related and/or
similar technologies and applications (”Blockchain Technologies");

a. To create proposals and position papers concerning projects or initiatives related to
the Blockchain Technologies;

b. To bring to the attention of the various institutions notably governmental and
regulatory in the European Union or at international level, the results of any studies,
proposals or objectives and to inform, advise and support such institutions of the
Association’s position;

c. To promote and contribute the professionalism, integrity and industry ethical
conduct within the industry, notably by promoting best practices and industry
standards to deter any illegitimate and unethical practices;


(2)

(3)

d. To provide scientific, technical and legal information regarding the Blockchain
economy;

e. To foster Blockchain Technologies by developing national and international
cooperation with other organisations and associations which aims and activities are
equal or similar to the one from the Association;

f. To represent the common interests of its members at corporate and institutional
level; and

g. To promote education, awareness among the general public and integration of
theory and practices, notably by seminars and other updates on subjects affecting
the Blockchain Technologies.

h. To support scientific discourse and technical discussions, in particular between
political representatives, lawyers, members of the consulting professions, judhges,
notaries, administrators, and other persons involved in research and teaching and
other persons active in areas related to Blockchain Technologies.

For the purposes mentioned above, the Association may carry out all acts which directly or
indirectly relate to its objects or which have a link to its objects or similar to its objects. lt
may also acquire, hire or lease any real or personal property and implement all necessary
human, technical and financial means.

The Board is authorised to construe the nature and objects of the Association.

Article 3 — Non-profit status

(1)

(2)

(3)

The Association shall carry out its activities solely and directly for non-profit purposes
within the meaning of the Act. The Association shall act altruistically and shall not pursue
activities solely for its own economic concerns.

The funds of the Association shall be used solely for the purposes set out in these Articles.
There shall be no distribution of any surplus to any member or third party.

A change to the purpose of the Association may only be made within the scope of
the provisions provided for by law as long as the Association remain a non-profit entity.

Article 4 — Membership

4.1 General

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

The Association is composed by natural persons and persons legally established according
to their national laws, and who are experts and professionals in the fields of, among
others, the Blockchain Technologies (hereafter ”Members").

Each Member should respect the interest of the Association as such, and of the fellow
Members, and to abide by the provisions of these Articles, the relevant legislation and the

lawful decisions of the Association's organs.

The articles of association of Members should not conflict with the Articles or with the
objectives of the Association.

Members do not incur any personal obligation on account of the corporate commitments.


(5) Members are expected to provide a positive contribution to achieve the Association’s
purposes.

(6) IP rights arising from work products: should a member take part in a working group or
other committee of the Association in which works that are protected by copyright are
developed or edited, the member shall herewith transfer non-exclusive rights of use and
exploitation under copyright law to the Association for the Association's non-exclusive use.

Groups of persons or legal entities that send members to working groups or any other
committee within the above meaning shall make the rights of use and exploitation of the
copyright that originates with the individual employee available to the Association for the
Association's non-exclusive use. The member or employee shall not have a claim to a share
in any income that the Association receives from its use of these rights.

(7) The minimum number of members is three.

4.2 Admission

(1) Membership may be granted by the Board following acceptance of a candidate's
application.

(2) Application formalities shall be set by the Board.

The admission of new members is also conditional upon effective receipt of the applicable
membership fees. Application fees, if any, are not refundable.

(3) Candidates for membership are approved by the Board, or via special committees created
by the Board for this purpose,
The Board and its Committees have unlimited discretion to accept or reject membership
applications. Their decisions do not need to bejustified and will be without any recourse.
Subject to the Board’s discretion, a failed application for membership can be re-submitted
after its previous rejection.

4.3 Termination

(1) The membership of any Member in the Association comes automatically to an end by:
a. In case of non-payment of membership fees, deemed resignation with immediate
effect from 4 months after the date the membership fees for that year became due;
b. resignation in writing addressed to the Board, with effect from the earlier of either
the effective date stated in the letter or 31 December of that year;
exclusion by the Association;
d. death, if the Member is a natural person, or dissolution or extinction, if the Member
is a legal entity;
e. if the Member no longer fulfils the (legal) requirements for having the legal
personality according to their own national statute;
f. notice of cancellation by the Member;
g. judicial decision;

‚°

(2) A Member’s exclusion from the Association may also be proposed by the Board, which will
support its decision by naming the reason(s) for exclusion and will be decided by the
General Assembly by a three-quarters majority vote of the Members present or
represented. The Board can suspend the interested member up to the decision of the

General Assembly.


(3)

(4)

The General Assembly may also resolve to empower the Board to be authorised to make
decisions regarding exclusions of members. ln such case, the procedures and modalities
for excluding a member shall be fixed in an internal procedure validated by the General
Assembly.

Reasons for exclusion may include, for example:

a. a Member infringing the provisions of the Articles or the law.

b. a Member having harmed, or attempted to harm, by any means of conduct in bad
faith or in violation of the Member’s obligations, the interests and/or the reputation
of either the Association or any of its Members.

c. a Member having physically or psychologically harmed, or attempted to harm, by
any means of conduct either representatives of the Association or any of its
Members.

d. criminal conviction of the Member.

A Member may resign in writing addressed to the Board. Unless any specific date has been
stated, the resignation becomes effective 14 days after the date of the notice letter. For
the avoidance of doubt, the member shall pay its annual subscription to the end of the
year in which notice is given and is not entitled to any re-imbursement of annual fees
already paid, nor to any member services or to attend any General Assembly following the
effective date of the resignation.

Members (or their successors in title) who resign or are excluded have no right to the
Association’s funds and cannot claim refund of the contributions paid or other services
provided.

4.4 Members

The status of Member is granted to natural persons and to legal persons, who are experts,
professionals and/or active in the field of the Blockchain Technologies (”Member").

Each Member has equal rights and obligations, unless provided for otherwise in these Articles
or in the internal regulations and procedures adopted. ln particular the internal regulations and
procedures may set out limits or amendments to voting rights where multiple members are
part of the one organisation in order to maintain a balanced representation of various
members.

4.5 Membership contribution

(1) The membership contribution shall be due annually in January or such other month as may

(2)

be determined by the Board.

The amount of the membership fee and related timing and means of payment shall be
determined by the Board within such limits as fixed from time to time by the General
Assembly.

The annual membership fee shall not exceed €500 for individuals and €10,000 for legal
entities.

TITLE 2 - ORGANISATION

Article 5 — General Assembly


5.1 Composition and competences

(1)
(2)

The General Assembly comprises all Members. Its decisions are binding on all Members.

The General Assembly has powers allowing the realisation of the objects as well as of all
powers explicitly recognised to it by the law and by these Articles, which have not been
attributed to another organ of the Association. In particular, the following fall within its
competence:

a. approval of the budgets and accounts, following proposal and presentation by the

Board;

b. election, dismissal and discharge of the members of the Board, hereinafter the
”Directors”, and where applicable, of the commissaire aux comptes or auditors;
modification of the Articles;
dissolution of the Association;
exclusion of Members following proposal from the Board;
fixing from time to time the maximum amounts of the contributions by members;
all cases where the Articles or the law require(s) so.

war-99?

5.2 Annual and Extraordinary General Assemblies

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

The General Assembly will meet at least once a year under the chairmanship of the Board
Chair (or in his/her absence a member of the Board), either at the Association's registered
office or at a location indicated on the notice. General meetings may also be held by virtual
means provided the chosen technology allows members to ask questions during the
meeting.

The Agenda for general meetings shall be sent by or on behalf of the Chairman, or any two
Directors. The agenda shall be deemed sent either by posting on the Association's website,
by sending via electronic mail and/or by posting to all members, at least two weeks prior to
the date set for the meeting.

For the avoidance of doubt, where a company or other legal body is a member and has
nominated several representatives and/or substitutes, the Association is only required to

send notice to the official contact at the Member company or legal body.

A General Assembly must be convened if requested by at least 1/5 of the voting members.

5.3 Voting and guorum

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

Each Member has one vote at the General Assembly. Save for the exceptional cases
provided for in these Articles, decisions are taken by a simple majority of the Members
present or represented.

A member can give a power of attorney to another (whether a member or not) to represent
him/her at a general meeting.

Where a member has not paid their membership fees, their right to vote is suspended until
such fees have been paid.

The General Assembly can deliberate validly on items which were not on the Agenda only if
at least two thirds of the Members present or represented agree.


5.4 Minutes

(1) The decisions of the General Assembly will be recorded in the minutes by the Secretary and
shall be signed by the Meeting Chair.

(2) The minutes shall be available within one month of the meeting Minutes are kept in a
register at the registered office where all Members may peruse them, however without
removing them.

(3) Extracts to be produced before the courts or elsewhere are signed by the Chair or by any
two Directors.

Article 6 — Board

6.1 General Assembly

(1) The Association is administered by the Board, composed of a maximum of 7 Directors,
appointed by the General Assembly among the natural persons representing the Members.

(2) Board members are required to be members of the association in good standing.
(3) The Board elects the Chair, Vice-Chair(s), Secretary and Treasurer, if any.

(4) Unless a shorter period is stipulated by the General Assembly, the members of the Board
are elected for terms of 3 years.

(5) Board members may be re-elected, but should give thought to appropriate renewal and
succession planning.

(6) In the case of a resignation during the year, the Board may co-opt a new Director, whose
appointment shall be put to vote of the General Assembly at the next convened General
Assembly.

(7) The members of the Board may be dismissed by the General Assembly.

(8) If the Chairman is unable to attend, he or she will be replaced by the Vice-President (s) or,
failing that, the Secretary General or, failing that, the Treasurer or, failing that, another
Director.

(9) The General Assembly may decide to remunerate the Board, and if so, shall fix the
amounts.

6.2. Board Meetings and Deliberations

(1) The Board has the power to do all acts which are not reserved to the General Assembly by
law or by these Articles. In particular the Board:

a. decides the time and place of General Assemblies, and items for their agenda;

b. manages the affairs the Association;

c. decides about establishing Special Committees, Working groups, Interest Groups,
etc., and their mandates;

d. appoints the General Manager(s) (if any) and/or any other person designated
pursuant to Article 6.5 of these Articles, and directs such management (if any);


(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(8)

(9)

e. decides about moving the registered office of the Association to any other place in
Luxembourg.

The Board shall meet as often as the interests of the Association require, but at least two
times per year. Board meetings are convened by the Chair or following the request of any
two Directors. Meetings may take place remotely by any way of telecommunication
means.

Each member of the Board has one vote during Board meetings. A member of the Board
may give to another member of the board a power of attorney. Each Board member may
not hold more than one power of attorney for another Board member.

The convening notice together with the agenda should be sent at least seven days prior to
the meeting by post, electronic mail or any other appropriate means of communication. In
case of emergency a Board meeting may be convened upon 24 hours' notice, by electronic
mail or other appropriate means of communication.

The Board cannot deliberate validly unless at least half of its members are present or
represented.
Decisions of the Board are taken by simple majority voting of those present or
represented.

Decisions of the Board will be recorded in minutes and shall be signed by the Chairman of
the meeting following approval by the Directors.

The Board may take decisions by way of circular resolutions in letter, e-mail or any other
similar format, with the whole together constituting the minutes showing the decision
taken.

The presence of directors at meetings of the Board is considered a duty that flows logically
from their function. In the event of a director's repeated and unmotivated absence, the
Board may ask the member to consider resigning.

Subject to the provisions of any policy of the Board, directors may be reimbursed for
reasonable costs resulting from the exercise of their function following production of
receipts.

6.3. Conflicts of interests

(1)

(2)

(3)

If a Director has directly or indirectly an interest opposed to a matter on a Board Agenda or
an operation falling within the competence of the Board, he/she must communicate this to
the other Directors prior to the proceedings of the Board. His/her statement as well as the
reasons for the opposing interest shall be mentioned in the related Board meeting minutes.

The concerned Director may not attend the part of the proceedings of the Board relating to
these operations or decisions, and may not take part in the vote.

In the event of a lack of quorum or in case of parity of votes, the decision may be put to and
taken by the General Assembly.

The management report, if any, shall include a description of any patrimonial consequences
for the Association from the decisions of the Board that included an opposing interest.

6.4 Representation and daily management


(1) The Association is represented by the Board in all judicial and extrajudicial proceedings and
is engaged by the joint signature of any two Directors.

Special proxies may be granted by the Board in accordance with the terms set out in such
proxies.

(2) The Board can furthermore grant under its responsibility specific special powers to one or
several people. Acts relating to daily management may be signed by the General Manager (if
any), or by person(s) designated with special powers delivered by the Board.

6.5 Daily management — General Manager

(1) The Board may entrust to one or more persons, independent or salaried, the daily
management and representation of the Association for daily management.

(2) This provision is opposable to third people under the conditions provided by the law. Any
restriction to the power of representation attributed to the person in-charge of the daily
management, for the needs of the daily management, cannot be raised towards third
people, even if published.

(3) The person in charge of the daily management will bear the title of "General Manager" and
may act individually.

(4) Details of the representative(s) for the daily management will be filed and published where
required according to the law.

6.6 Director Responsibilities and liabilities

The Directors do not incur any personal obligation with respect to the commitments of the
Association. Their liability is limited to the performance of the term of office they have
received and to the faults committed within the performance thereof.

Article 7 — Regulation of internal procedures
(1) In addition to Board’ policies, the Association may adopt regulations of internal
procedures. Such regulations are adopted by the General Assembly on proposition of the

Board.

(2) In no case can such regulations supercede or be in contradiction with these Articles.

Article 8 - Financial year and annual accounts

(1) The financial year begins on 1 January and terminates on 31 December of each year. The
first financial year will end on 31 December 2019.

(2) The Board shall submit the accounts of the past financial year and the budget of the next
financial year for approval to the Annual General Assembly.


(3)

(4)

(5)

The General Assembly may decide the constitution of a reserve fund, fix the amount
thereof and the terms and conditions of the contribution to said fund due by each
member.

The Association may decide to entrust the financial control of the Association to either a
”Commissaire aux comptes", or to an independent auditor.

The association may also receive donations, legacies and other income.

TITLE 3: OTHER

Article 10 — Modifications to the Articles

(1)

(2)

(3)

Without prejudice to the law, to amend these Articles (including for the dissolution of the
Association), the Board should notify the Members of the Association, at least two weeks
in advance of the date of the General Assembly that will decide on said proposal, and the
convening notice must set out clearly the purpose of the meeting and any proposed
changes.

Such a General Assembly can only proceed validly if two thirds of its Members are present
or represented. Decisions will be valid only if adopted by a majority of two thirds of the
votes of the Members presented or represented.

|f said General Assembly does not gather sufficient Members, a new General Assembly will
be convened under the same conditions as above, and will resolve validly on the proposal
in question, with a majority of two thirds of the votes, and regardless of the number of
Members present or represented.

Article 11: Liquidation

(1)

(2)

(3)

In case of judicial or voluntary dissolution, the General Assembly will appoint one or
several liquidator(s), fix their powers and fix the mode of liquidation of the association.

The dissolution of the Association shall be governed by the law of 21 April 1928, as
amended.

The net assets, if any, after liquidation will be attributed to a non-profit legal entity
carrying on objects similar to those of the Association as may be designated by the General
Assembly deciding on the dissolution, or for want of it to a charitable organisation
designated by the liquidator.

Article 12: Miscellaneous

For any points not dealt with in these Articles, reference should be made to the law of 21 April 1928,
as amended.

In case of conflict between different language versions of these Articles, the English version shall

prevail.

The Association is created by the following founder members:


Heribert Anzinger, Professor, German, with professional address in Germany
Monique Bachner, Solicitor, Australian, with professional address in Luxembourg
Audrey Baverel, consultant, Luxembourgish, with professional address in Luxembourg
Andrea Bianconi, lawyer, Italian, with professional address in Germany

Jeff Braun, lawyer, Luxembourgish, with professional address in Luxembourg

Gina Conheady, lawyer, Irish, with professional address in the USA

Jacek Czarnecki, legal counsel, Polish, with address in Poland

Boika Deleva, Lawyer, Bulgarian, with professional address in Luxembourg

Catarina dos Santos Veloso, lawyer, Portuguese, with professional address in Germany
10. Tina Ehrke-Rabel, Professor, German, with professional address in Austria

11. Natalie Eichler, Rechtsanwältin, German, with professional address in Germany

12. Christian Ellul, Advocate, Maltese, with professional address in Malta

13. Niels Gade-Jacobsen, Attorney, Danish, with professional address in Denmark

14. Joey Garcia, lawyer, Gibraltarian, with professional address in Gibraltar

15. Jonathan Garcia, lawyer, Gibraltarian, with professional address in Gibraltar

16. Alvaro Garrido Mesa, lawyer, Spanish, with professional address in Luxembourg

17. Dr. Christoph Gringel, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany
18. Sven Hildebrandt, founder, German, with professional address in Germany

19. Klaus Himmer, CEO, German, with professional address in Germany

20. Sebastian Keding, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany

21. Thomas Kulnigg, Attorney-at-Law Austrian, with professional address in Austria

22. Dilmun Leach, lawyer British, with professional address in Jersey

23. Lennart Lorenz, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany

24. Andreas Mätzler, Rechtsanwalt, Austrian, with professional address in Austria

25. Dr. lan M. Maywald, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional in Germany

26. Stephan Meyer, legal adviser, Swiss, with professional address in Switzerland

27. Dr. Stefan Michaelsen, Rechtsassesor, German, with professional address in Germany
28. Dr. Luka Müller, lawyer, Swiss, with professional address in Switzerland

29. Thomas Nägele, Rechtsanwalt, Swiss, with professional address in Switzerland

30. Anne-Marie Nicolas, Avocat a la Cour, French, with professional address in Luxembourg
31. Nejc Novak, lawyer, Slovenian, with professional address in Slovenia

32. Ursula Rath, Attorney at law, Austrian, with professional address in Austria

33. Daniel Resas, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany

34. Tobias Seidl, lawyer, German, with professional address in Luxembourg

35. Alireza Siadat, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany

36. Nina-Luisa Siedler, Rechtsanwältin, German, with professional address in Germany
37. Elfi Sixt, CPA, Austrian, with professional address in Germany

38. Dr. Arthur Stadler, Attorney, Austrian, with professional in Germany

39. Matthew Suter, lawyer, British, with professional address in the United Kingdom
40. Melvin Tjon Akon, Attorney, Dutch, with professional address in Luxembourg

41. Oliver Völkel, Attorney, Austrian, with professional address in Austria

42. Dr. Thorsten Voss, Rechtsanwalt, German, with professional address in Germany
43. Marcin Zarakowski, lawyer, Polish, with professional address in Switzerland

$°9°>‘.°‘P":'>.W!°!"

Signed in Luxembourg on 28 November 2018


« thinkBLOCKtank»

Association sans but lucratif

Siege Social : 8, rue de la Poste, L-2346 Luxembourg

Statuts de l'Association
(« Statuts »)

Entre les membres fondateurs et tous les membres acceptés en tant que tels ultérieurement,
conformément aux dispositions des présents Statuts, une association sans but lucratif est créée,
régie par la loi modifiée du 21 avril 1928 relative aux associations et fondations à but non lucratif,
qui comme modifiée ou remplacée de temps à autres (la « Loi ») au Luxembourg et par ces Statuts.

TlTLE 1 Acte de constitution

Article 1 — L'Association, nom, siège social

(1)

(2)

(3)
(4)

L'association « thinkBLOCKtank » est une association à but non lucratif composée de
chercheurs, d'universitaires, d'experts et de professionnels dans les domaines des
Technologies Blockchain (comme ce terme est défini ci-après), créée conformément à la loi
luxembourgeoise du 21 avril 1928, telle que modifiée (ci-après l' « Association »).

Le siège social est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg.
Le siège social peut être déplacé à toute autre adresse dans le pays sur décision du Conseil

d'Administration (le « Conseil »).

L'Association peut créer des bureaux administratifs, des succursales, des agences ou des
établissements similaires à tout endroit au sein du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

L'Association est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

L'exercice financier correspond à l'année civile.
Le premier exercice financier se termine le 31 décembre 2019.

Article 2 — Objectifs

(1)

Les objectifs de l'Association, qui sont réalisés à but non lucratif, sont toutes des activités
qui sont liées et qui se rapportent aux technologies de blockchain et de registres distribués
(distributed ledger), ainsi qu'aux technologies et aux applications connexes et/ou similaires
(ci-après « Technologies Blockchain ») ;

a. Produire des propositions et des documents de position concernant des projets ou
des initiatives Iiés aux Technologies Blockchain ;

b. Porter à la connaissance des différentes institutions notamment gouvernementales
et réglementaires dans l'Union Européenne ou au niveau international, les résultats
de toute étude, proposition ou objectif et informer, conseiller et soutenir ces
institutions sur la position de l'Association ;

c. Promouvoir et contribuer au professionnalisme, à l'intégrité et au comportement
éthique au sein de l'industrie, notamment parla promotion des bonnes pratiques et
des normes de l'industrie pour dissuader toute pratique illégale et contraire à
l'éthique;


d. Fournir des informations scientifiques, techniques et juridiques concernant
l'économie de la Blockchain ;

e. Encourager les Technologies Blockchain en développant la coopération nationale et
internationale avec d'autres organisations et associations dont les objectifs et les
activités sont équivalents ou similaires à ceux de l'Association ;

f. Représenter les intérêts communs de ses membres au niveau corporatif et
institutionnel ; et

g. Promouvoir l'éducation, la sensibilisation du grand public et l'intégration de la
théorie et des pratiques, notamment par des séminaires et d'autres mises à jour sur
des sujets se rapportant aux Technologies Blockchain.

h. Soutenir les discours scientifiques et les discussions techniques, plus
particulièrement entre les représentants politiques, avocats, membres des métiers
du conseil, juges, notaires, administrateurs et autres personnes impliquées dans la
recherche et l'enseignement, ainsi que d'autres personnes actives dans les domaines
relatifs aux Technologies Blockchain.

(2) Aux fins mentionnées ci-dessus, l'Association peut accomplir tous les actes qui se
rapportent directement ou indirectement à ses objets ou ayant un lien avec ses objets ou
des objets qui leurs sont similaires. Elle peut également acquérir, prendre à bail ou louer
des biens immeubles ou meubles et mettre en œuvre tous les moyens humains,
techniques et financiers nécessaires.

(3) Le Conseil est autorisé à interpréter la nature et les objets de l'Association.

Article 3 — But non-lucratif

(1) L'Association exercera ses activités exclusivement et directement à des fins non lucratives
au sens de la Loi. L'Association agit de manière altruiste et ne poursuit pas d'activités
uniquement pour ses propres intérêts économiques.

(2) Les fonds de l'Association doivent être utilisés uniquement aux fins prévues par les
présents Statuts. Il ne sera réalisé aucune distribution de surplus au profit d'un quelconque
membre ou tiers.

(3) Toute modification de l'objet de l'Association ne peut être faite que dans le cadre des
dispositions prévues parla loi tant que l'Association demeure une entité à but non lucratif.

Article 4 — Adhésion
4.1 Généralités

(1) L'Association est composée de personnes physiques et de personnes légalement établies
selon les lois nationales qui les régissent, et qui sont des experts et des professionnels
dans, notamment, les domaines des Technologies Blockchain (ci-après « Membres »).

(2) Chaque Membre devra respecter l'intérêt de l'Association en tant que telle, et celui des
autres Membres, et se conformer aux dispositions des présents Statuts, à la législation
pertinente et aux décisions légales des organes de l'Association.

(3) Les statuts des membres ne doivent pas entrer en conflit avec les Statuts ou avec les
objectifs de l'Association.


(4) Les Membres n'encourent aucune obligation personnelle en raison des engagements de
l'Association.

(5) Les Membres contribuent positivement à la réalisation des objectifs de l'Association.

(6) Les droits de propriété intellectuelle résultants des produits du travail: si un membre
prend part à un groupe de travail ou à un autre comité de l'Association dans lequel des
œuvres protégées par le droit d'auteur sont développées ou éditées, le membre doit
transférer les droits d'utilisation et d'exploitation non-exclusifs en vertu du droit d'auteur à
l'Association pour l'usage non-exclusifde l'Association.

Les groupes de personnes ou de personnes morales qui envoient des membres à des
groupes de travail ou tout autre comité dans le sens tel qu'exprimé ci-dessus, doivent
mettre à la disposition de l'Association les droits d'utilisation et d'exploitation des droits
d'auteur de chaque employé pour l'usage non-exclusif de l'Association. Le membre ou
l'employé ne peut pas prétendre à une part des revenus que l'Association tire de
l'utilisation de ces droits.

(7) Le nombre minimal de membres est de trois.

4.2 Admission

(1) L'adhésion peut être accordée par le Conseil à la suite de l'acceptation de la candidature
d'un candidat.

(2) Les formalités d'admission doivent être fixées par le Conseil.

L'admission de nouveaux membres est également conditionnée par la réception effective
des frais d'adhésion applicables. Les frais d'adhésion, le cas échéant, ne sont pas
remboursables.

(3) Les candidats à l'adhésion sont approuvés par le Conseil, ou par des comités spéciaux créés
par le Conseil à cette fin.
Le Conseil et ses Comités ont un pouvoir d'appréciation illimité et discrétionnaire pour
accepter ou rejeter les demandes d'adhésion. Leurs décisions n'auront pas besoin d'être
justifiées et seront sans recours.
À la discrétion du Conseil, une demande d'adhésion rejetée peut être soumise à nouveau à
la suite du rejet.

4.3 Résiliation

(1) L'adhésion de tout Membre à l'Association prend automatiquement fin :

a. En cas de non-paiement des frais d'adhésion, la démission est réputée être effective
sans délais à partir de 4 mois qui suivent la date à laquelle les cotisations d'adhésion
pour cette année sont dues;

b. En cas de démission écrite adressée au Conseil, avec effet à la date mentionnée dans

la lettre ou le 31 décembre de la même année;

En cas d'exclusion par l'Association ;

d. En cas de décès, si le Membre est une personne physique, ou de dissolution ou de
cessation, si le Membre est une personne morale;

e. Si le membre ne remplit plus les exigences (légales) liées à sa personnalité juridique
selon sa propre loi nationale;

‚°


f. En cas d'avis d'annulation parle Membre;
g. Décision judiciaire;

(2) L'exclusion d'un Membre de l'Association peut également être proposée parle Conseil, qui
motivera sa décision en énumérant la(les) motif(s) d'exclusion, et sera décidée par
l'Assemblée Générale par un vote à la majorité des trois-quarts des Membres présents ou
représentés. Le Conseil peut suspendre le membre intéressé jusqu'à la décision de
l'Assemblée Générale.

L'Assemblée Générale peut également décider d'autoriser le Conseil à prendre des
décisions concernant les exclusions des membres. Dans ce cas, les procédures et modalités
d'exclusion d'un membre sont fixées dans une procédure interne validée par l'Assemblée
Générale.

Les motifs d'une exclusion peuvent inclure, par exemple :

a. un Membre qui enfreint les dispositions des Statuts ou de la loi.

b. un Membre ayant porté atteinte ou tenté de nuire, par sa conduite quelle qu'elle
soit, de mauvaise foi ou en violation de ses obligations, aux intérêts et/ou à la
réputation de l'Association ou de l'un de ses Membres.

c. un Membre ayant physiquement ou psychologiquement blessé, ou tenté de nuire,
par quelque moyen que ce soit, à des représentants de l'Association ou l'un de ses
Membres.

d. Une condamnation pénale du Membre.

(3) Un Membre peut démissionner par document écrit adressé au Conseil. À moins qu'une
date ait été précisée, la démission entre en vigueur 14 jours après la date de la lettre de
préavis. Afin de lever toute ambiguïté, le membre doit payer sa cotisation annuelle jusqu'à
la fin de l'année à laquelle la lettre de préavis a été donnée et n'a droit à aucun
remboursement des cotisations annuelles déjà payées ni aux services des membres ni
d'assister à une Assemblée Générale après la date d'entrée en vigueur de la démission.

(4) Les Membres (ou leurs ayant-droits) qui démissionnent ou qui sont exclus n'ont aucun
droit sur les fonds de l'Association et ne peuvent réclamer le remboursement des
cotisations versées ou bénéficier des autres services fournis.

4.4 Membres

Le statut de Membre est accordé aux personnes physiques et aux personnes morales, qui sont
des experts, des professionnels et/ou actifs dans le domaine des Technologies Blockchain
(« Membre »).

Chaque Membre bénéficie de droits et d'obligations équivalents, à moins que les présents
Statuts, les règlements et procédures internes adoptés ne prévoient le contraire. Plus
particulièrement, les règlements et procédures internes peuvent établir des limites ou des
modifications aux droits de vote lorsque plusieurs membres font partie d'une même
organisation afin de maintenir une représentation équilibrée des différents membres.

4.4 Cotisation

(1) La cotisation des membres sera due annuellement en janvier, ou tout autre mois comme
cela sera décidé parle Conseil.


(2) Le montant de la cotisation, les délais et moyens de paiement correspondants sont fixés par
le Conseil dans les limites fixées par l'Assemblée Générale de temps à autre.

La cotisation annuelle ne peut pas dépasser 500 € pour les particuliers ou 10.000 € pour les
personnes morales.

TITRE 2 - Organisation

Article 5 — Assemblée Générale

5.1 Composition et compétences

(1) L'Assemblée Générale comprend tous les Membres. Ses décisions sont contraignantes
pour tous les Membres.

(2) L'Assemblée Générale a des pouvoirs permettant la réalisation des objets ainsi que tous les
pouvoirs explicitement reconnus par la loi et par les présents Statuts, qui n'ont pas été
attribués à un autre organe de l'Association. En particulier, relèvent de sa compétence les

domaines suivants :
a. L'approbation des budgets et des comptes, suite à la proposition et à la présentation

par le Conseil;

b. L'élection, la révocation et la décharge des membres du Conseil, ci-après les «
Administrateurs » et, le cas échéant, du commissaire aux comptes ou des auditeurs
;

c. La modification des Statuts;

d. La dissolution de l'Association ;

e. L'exclusion des Membres suite à la proposition du Conseil ;

f. La fixation de temps à autre du montant maximal des cotisations des membres;

g. Tous les cas où les Statuts ou la loi l'exigent.

5.2 Assemblées Générales annuelles et extraordinaires

(1) L'Assemblée Générale se réunira au moins une fois par an sous la présidence du Président
du Conseil (ou en son absence d'un membre du Conseil), soit au siège social de l'Association,
soit à l'endroit indiqué sur la convocation. Les assemblées générales pourront également
être tenues de manière virtuelle à condition que la technologie choisie permette aux
membres de poser des questions au cours de la réunion.

(2) L’ordre du jour des assemblées générale sera envoyé par ou au nom du Président, ou de
deux Administrateurs. L'ordre du jour sera réputé avoir été envoyé soit par la publication sur
le site web de l'Association, par envoi via un courrier électronique et/ou par envoi postal à
tous les membres, au moins deux semaines avant la date fixée pour l'assemblée.

(3) Pour éviter toute ambiguïté, lorsqu'une société ou une autre personne morale est un
membre et a désigné plusieurs représentants et/ou suppléants, l'Association est seulement

tenue d'envoyer un avis au contact officiel de la société ou de la personne morale Membre.

(3) Une Assemblée Générale peut être convoquée sur demande d'au moins 1/5 des membres
votants.

5.3 Vote et guorum


(1) Chaque Membre dispose d'une voix à l'Assemblée Générale. Sauf dans les cas exceptionnels

(2)

(3)

(4)

prévus par les présents Statuts, les décisions sont prises à la majorité simple des Membres
présents ou représentés.

Un membre peut donner une procuration à une autre personne (qu'il soit membre ou non)
pour le représenter à une assemblée générale.

Lorsqu'un membre n'a pas payé sa cotisation, son droit de vote est suspendu jusqu'à ce que
celle-ci soit effectivement payée.

L'Assemblée Générale peut délibérer valablement sur les points qui n'étaient pas à l'ordre
du jour seulement si au moins les deux tiers des Membres présents ou représentés
l'acceptent.

5.4 Procès-verbaux

(1) Les décisions de l'Assemblée Générale seront consignées dans le procès-verbal par le

Secrétaire qui sera signé parle Président.

(2) Les procès-verbaux doivent être disponibles dans un délai d'un mois qui suit l'assemblée

générale. Les procès-verbaux sont conservés dans un registre au siège social où tous les
Membres peuvent les consulter, sans toutefois pouvoir les déplacer.

(3) Les extraits à produire devant tout tribunal ou ailleurs sont signés par le Président ou par

deux Administrateurs.

Article 6 — Conseil

6.1 Réunions Générales

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

L'Association est administrée par le Conseil composé d'un maximum de 7 Administrateurs,
nommés par l'Assemblée Générale parmi les personnes physiques représentant les
Membres.

Les membres du conseil doivent être des membres de l'association en règle.

Le Conseil élit le Président, le (s) Vice-Président (s), le Secrétaire et le Trésorier, le cas
échéant

Sauf si une période plus courte est stipulée par l'Assemblée Générale, les membres du
Conseil sont élus pour des mandats de 3 ans.

Les membres du Conseil peuvent être réélus, mais devront réfléchir à un plan adéquat de
renouvellement et de successions.

En cas de démission au cours de l'année, le Conseil peut coopter un nouvel Administrateur,
dont la nomination sera soumise au vote de l'Assemblée Générale lors de la prochaine
Assemblée Générale convoquée.

Les membres du Conseil peuvent être révoqués par l'Assemblée Générale.


(8)

(9)

\

En cas d'empêchement du président, il sera remplacé par le(s) Vice-Président(s) ou, a
défaut, par le Secrétaire Général ou, à défaut, par le Trésorier ou, à défaut, par un autre
Administrateur.

L'Assemblée Générale peut décider de rémunérer le Conseil et, dans ce cas, fixer les
montants d'une telle rémunération.

6.2. Réunions du Conseil et délibérations

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(8)

Le Conseil a le pouvoir de faire tous les actes qui ne sont pas réservés à l'Assemblée
Générale parla loi ou par les présents Statuts. En particulier le Conseil :
a. décide de l'heure et du lieu des Assemblées Générales et des points à leur ordre du
jour;
gère les affaires de l'Association ;
c. décide de créer des comités spéciaux, des groupes de travail, des groupes d'intérêt,
etc., et leurs mandats;
d. nomme le ou les Directeurs Généraux (le cas échéant) et/ou toute autre personne
désignée conformément à l'article 6.5 des présents Statuts, et contrôle leur gestion
(le cas échéant);
e. décide de transférer le siège social de l'Association dans toute autre lieu au
Luxembourg

Le Conseil se réunit aussi souvent que l'intérêt de l'Association l'exige, mais au moins deux
fois par an. Les réunions du Conseil sont convoquées par le Président ou à la demande de
deux Administrateurs. Les réunions peuvent avoir lieu à distance par tout moyen de
télécommunication.

Chaque membre du Conseil dispose d'une voix lors des réunions du Conseil. Un membre du
Conseil peut donner à un autre membre du conseil une procuration. Chaque membre du
Conseil ne peut détenir plus d'une procuration pour un autre membre du Conseil.

L'avis de convocation ainsi que l'ordre du jour doivent être envoyés au moins sept jours
avant la réunion par courrier postal, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de
communication approprié. En cas d'urgence, une réunion du Conseil peut être convoquée
sur préavis de 24 heures, par courrier électronique ou par d'autres moyens de
communication appropriés.

Le Conseil ne peut délibérer valablement que si au moins la moitié de ses membres est
présente ou représentée.

Les décisions du Conseil sont prises à la majorité simple des voix des personnes présentes
ou représentées.

Les décisions du Conseil seront consignées dans des procès-verbaux et seront signées par
le Président de la réunion après l'approbation des Administrateurs.

Le Conseil peut prendre des décisions par des résolutions circulaires par lettre, courrier
électronique ou tout autre format similaire, constituant ensemble le procès-verbal
reflétant la décision prise.

La présence des administrateurs aux réunions du Conseil est considérée comme une
obligation découlant logiquement de leurs fonctions. En cas d'absence répétée et non


motivée d'un administrateur, Ie Conseil peut demander au membre de considérer sa
démission.

(9) Sous réserve des stipulations de toute politique du Conseil, les administrateurs peuvent
être remboursés des dépenses raisonnables résultant de l'exercice de leurs fonctions sur
présentation de justificatifs.

6.3. Conflits d’intéréts

(1) Si un Administrateur a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt qui s'oppose à un sujet
inscrit à l'ordre du jour d'un Conseil ou à une opération relevant de la compétence du
Conseil, il doit en informer les autres Administrateurs avant les délibérations du Conseil. Sa
déclaration ainsi que les raisons du conflit d'intérêts seront mentionnées dans les procès-
verbaux des réunions du Conseil.

(2) L’Administrateur concerné ne peut pas assister a la partie des délibérations du Conseil

relatives à ces opérations ou décisions, et ne peut prendre part au vote.
En cas de quorum insuffisant ou en cas de parité des voix, la décision sera renvoyée à et

prise par l'Assemblée Générale.

(3) Le rapport de gestion, le cas échéant, doit inclure une description des conséquences
patrimoniales pour l'Association des décisions du Conseil liées à un conflit d'intérêts.

6.4 Représentation et gestion iournalière

(1) L'Association est représentée par le Conseil dans toutes les procédures judiciaires et
extrajudiciaires, et est engagée parla signature conjointe de deux Administrateurs.

Des procurations spéciales peuvent être accordées par le Conseil en application des
conditions prévues par ces procurations.

(2) Le Conseil peut en outre confier sous sa responsabilité des pouvoirs spéciaux particuliers a
une ou plusieurs personnes. Les actes relatifs à la gestion journalière peuvent être signés par
le Directeur Général (le cas échéant), ou par la ou des personnes désignées avec des
pouvoirs spéciaux délivrés parle Conseil.

6.5 Gestion Journaliére — Directeur Général

(1) Le Conseil peut confier a une ou plusieurs personnes, indépendantes ou salariées, la gestion
journalière et la représentation de l'Association pour la gestion journalière.

(2) Cette disposition est opposable aux tiers dans les conditions prévues par la loi. Toute
restriction au pouvoir de représentation attribuée à la personne en charge de la gestion
journalière, pour les besoins de la gestion journalière, ne peut être soulevée vis-à-vis des
tiers, même si elle est publiée.

(3) Le responsable de la gestion journalière portera le titre de « Directeur Général » et pourra
agir individuellement.

(4) Les renseignements concernant le (les) représentant(s) pour la gestion journalière seront
enregistrés et publiés si nécessaire conformément à la loi.

6.6 Obligations et responsabilités des Administrateurs


(1) Les Administrateurs n'encourent aucune obligation personnelle quant aux engagements de
l'Association. Leur responsabilité est limitée à l'exécution du mandat qu'ils ont reçu et aux
fautes commises dans l'exécution de celui-ci.

Article 7 — Réglementation des procédures internes

(1) En sus des politiques du Conseil, l'Association peut adopter des réglementations des
procédures internes. Ces règlementations sont adoptées par l'Assemblée Générale sur
proposition du Conseil.

(2) En aucun cas, de tels règlementations ne peuvent prévaloir ou être contraires aux présents
Statuts.

Article 8 - Exercice financier et comptes annuels

(1) L'exercice financier commence le 1er janvier et se termine le 31 décembre de chaque
année. Le premier exercice financier se terminera le 31 décembre 2019.

(2) Le Conseil soumet Ies comptes de |'exercice financier écoulé et le budget de l'exercice
suivant à l'approbation de l'Assemblée Générale Annuelle.

(3) L'Assemblée Générale peut décider de la constitution d'un fonds de réserve, en fixer le
montant et les modalités de contribution audit fonds due par chaque membre.

(4) L'Association peut décider de confier le contrôle financier de l'Association soit à un
Commissaire aux comptes, soit à un auditeur indépendant.

(5) L'association peut également recevoir des dons, legs et autres revenus.

TITLE 3 : Autre
Article 10 — Modifications des Statuts

(1) Sans préjudice de la loi, pour modifier les présents Statuts (y compris pour la dissolution de
l'Association), le Conseil doit notifier un avis de convocation aux Membres de l'Association,
au moins deux semaines avant la date de l'Assemblée Générale qui décidera de cette
proposition, et l'avis de convocation doit indiquer clairement le but de la réunion et les
changements proposés.

(2) Une telle Assemblée Générale ne peut agir valablement que si les deux tiers de ses
Membres sont présents ou représentés. Les décisions ne seront valables que si elles sont
adoptées à la majorité des deux tiers des voix des Membres présents ou représentés.

(3) Si ladite Assemblée Générale ne réunit pas suffisamment de Membres, une nouvelle
Assemblée Générale sera convoquée dans les mêmes conditions que ci-dessus et se
prononcera valablement sur la proposition en question, à la majorité des deux tiers des
voix, et quel que soit le nombre des Membres présents ou représentés.

Article 11 : Liquidation


(1)

(2)
(3)

En cas de dissolution judiciaire ou volontaire, l'Assemblée Générale nommera un ou

plusieurs liquidateur(s), fixera leurs pouvoirs et fixera le mode de liquidation de
l'association.

La dissolution de l'Association est régie parla loi du 21 avril 1928, telle que modifiée.

Les actifs nets, le cas échéant, après la liquidation seront attribués à une entité juridique
sans but lucratif ayant des objets similaires à ceux de l'Association, désignés par
l'Assemblée Générale décidant de la dissolution, ou à défaut par une organisation
caritative désigné parle liquidateur.

Article 12 : Divers

Pour tous les points qui ne sont pas traités dans les présents Statuts, il convient de se référer à la loi
du 21 avril 1928, telle que modifiée.

En cas

de conflit entre les différentes versions linguistiques des présents Statuts, la version anglaise

prévaudra.

L'Association est créée par les membres fondateurs suivants :

9°

10.
11.

12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.

18.
19.

20.

21.

22
23

Heribert Anzinger, professeur, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;
Monique Bachner, solicitor, australienne, avec adresse professionnelle située à
Luxembourg;

Audrey Baverel, consultante, luxembourgeoise, avec adresse professionnelle située à
Luxembourg;

Andrea Bianconi, avocate, italienne, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne ;

Jeff Braun, avocat, luxembourgeois, avec adresse professionnelle située à Luxembourg ;

Gina Conheady, avocate, irlandaise, avec adresse professionnelle située aux Etats-Unis
d'Amérique,

Jacek Czarnecki, conseillerjuridique, polonais, dont l'adresse se situe en Pologne;

Boika Deleva, avocat, bulgare, avec adresse professionnelle située à Luxembourg ;

Catarina dos Santos Veloso, avocate, portugaise, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

Tina Ehrke-Rabel, professeure, allemande, avec adresse professionnelle située en Autriche;
Natalie Eichler, Rechtsanwältin, allemande, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

Christian Ellul, Advocate, maltais, avec adresse professionnelle située à Malte;

Niels Gade-Jacobsen, Attorney, danois, avec adresse professionnelle située au Danemark;
Joey Garcia, avocat, Gibraltarien, avec adresse professionnelle située à Gibraltar;

Jonathan Garcia, avocat, Gibraltarien, avec adresse professionnelle située à Gibraltar;
Alvaro Garrido Mesa, avocat, espagnol, avec adresse professionnelle située à Luxembourg ;
Dr. Christoph Gringel, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

Sven Hildebrandt, fondateur, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;
Klaus Himmer, Président directeur général, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

Sebastian Keding, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

Thomas Kulnigg, Attorney-at—Law, autrichien, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Autriche ;

. Dilmun Leach, avocat, britannique, avec adresse professionnelle située à Jersey;

. Lennart Lorenz, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;


24. Andreas Mätzler, Rechtsanwalt, autrichien, avec adresse professionnelle située en Autriche ;

25. Dr. lan M. Maywald, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

26. Stephan Meyer, conseillerjuridique, suisse, avec adresse professionnelle située en Suisse;

27. Dr. Stefan Michaelsen, Rechtsassesor, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

28. Dr. Luka Müller, avocat, suisse, avec adresse professionnelle située en Suisse;

29. Thomas Nägele, Rechtsanwalt, suisse, avec adresse professionnelle située en Suisse ;

30. Anne-Marie Nicolas, Avocat à la Cour, française, avec adresse professionnelle située à
Luxembourg;

31. Nejc Novak, avocat, slovène, avec adresse professionnelle située en Slovénie;

32. Ursula Rath, Attorney at law, autrichienne, avec adresse professionnelle située en Autriche;

33. Daniel Resas, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;

34. Tobias Seidl, avocat, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située à Luxembourg;

35. Alireza Siadat, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;

36. Nina-Luisa Siedler, Rechtsanwältin, allemande, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne,

37. Elfi Sixt, expert-comptable agréé (CPA), autrichien, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

38. Dr. Arthur Stadler, Attorney, autrichien, avec adresse professionnelle située en Allemagne;

39. Matthew Suter, avocat, britannique, avocate, autrichienne, avec adresse professionnelle
située au Royaume-Uni ;

40. Melvin Tjon Akon, Attorney, néerlandais, avec adresse professionnelle située à Luxembourg;

41. Oliver Vôlkel, Attorney, autrichien, avec adresse professionnelle située en Autriche ;

42. Dr. Thorsten Voss, Rechtsanwalt, allemand, avec adresse professionnelle située en
Allemagne ;

43. Marcin Zarakowski, avocat, polonais, avec adresse professionnelle située en Suisse.

Signé à Luxembourg le 28 novembre 2018


