Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : B230544

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.507
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

NP Taiwan Project A Holdings S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée

298, Val des Bons Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION
d'une société à responsabilité limitée
du 07 décembre 2018
No 47780

In the year two thousand eighteen,
on the seventh day of the month of December.

Before US Maître Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notary residing in SANEM,

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
there appeared:

“Northland Power Euro Wind S.à r.|.”, a company incorporated under
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 208,
Val des Bons Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg
Trade and Companies Register under number B 183 889,

here represented by:

Mr Sébastien PAUCHOT, Lawyer, with professional address at 208, Val
des Bons Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg,

by virtue of a power of attorney given to under private seal, in
Luxembourg, on 7 December 2018.

Said proxy, after been signed “ne varietur” by the proxyholder of the
appearing party and the undersigned notary, will remain attached to this deed
to be registered with it.

The appearing party, represented as set out above, has requested the
undersigned notary to state as follows the articles of incorporation of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which is hereby
incorporated:

l. Name - Registered Office - Obiect - Duration
Art. 1. Name. The name of the company is “NP Taiwan Project A

Holdings S.à r.l.” (the Company). The Company is a private limited liability
company (société à responsabilité limitée) governed by the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law of August 10, 1915 on commercial
companies, as amended (the Law), and these articles of incorporation (the
Articles).

Art. 2. Registered office.

2.1. The Company’s registered office is established in the City of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within that
municipality by a resolution of the board of managers. It may be transferred to
any other location in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the

PAGE 1


shareholders, acting in accordance with the conditions prescribed for the
amendment of the Articles.

2.2. Branches, subsidiaries or other offices may be established in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of
managers. If the board of managers determines that extraordinary political or
military developments or events have occurred or are imminent, and that those
developments or events may interfere with the normal activities of the Company
at its registered office, or with ease of communication between that office and
persons abroad, the registered office may be temporarily transferred abroad
until the developments or events in question have completely ceased. Any such
temporary measures do not affect the nationality of the Company, which,
notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its registered office, will remain a
Luxembourg incorporated company.

Art. 3. Corporate object.

3.1. The Company’s object is the acquisition of participations, in
Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in any form
whatsoever, and the management of those participations. The Company may
in particular acquire, by subscription, purchase and exchange or in any other
manner, any stock, shares and other participation securities, bonds,
debentures, certificates of deposit and other debt instruments and, more
generally, any securities and financial instruments issued by any public or
private entity. It may participate in the creation, development, management and
control of any company or enterprise. Further, it may invest in the acquisition
and management of a portfolio of patents or other intellectual property rights of
any nature or origin.

3.2. The Company may borrow in any form, except by way of public offer.
It may issue, by way of private placement only, notes, bonds and any kind of
debt and equity securities. It may lend funds, including, without limitation, the
proceeds of any borrowings, to its subsidiaries, affiliated companies and any
other companies. It may also give guarantees and pledge, transfer, encumber
or othenNise create and grant security over some or all of its assets to guarantee
its own obligations and those of any other company, and, generally, for its own
benefit and that of any other company or person. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Company may not carry out any regulated financial sector activities without
having obtained the requisite authorisation.

3.3. The Company may use any techniques, legal means and instruments
to manage its investments efficiently and protect itself against credit risks,
currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks.

3.4. The Company may carry out any commercial, financial or industrial
operation and any transaction with respect to real estate or movable property
which, directly or indirectly, favours or relates to its corporate object.

Art. 4. Duration.

4.1. The Company is formed for an unlimited period.

4.2. The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death,
suspension of civil rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event
affecting one or more shareholders.

ll. Capital - Shares

Art. 5. Capital.

5.1. The share capital is set at twelve thousand five hundred Euro (EUR
12,500.-) represented by twelve thousand five hundred (12,500) shares in
registered form, having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) each.

PAGE 2


5.2. The share capital may be increased or reduced once or more by a
resolution of the shareholders, acting in accordance with the conditions
prescribed for the amendment of the Articles.

Art. 6. Shares.

6.1. The shares are indivisible and the Company recognises only one (1)
owner per share.

6.2. The shares are freely transferable between shareholders.

6.3. When the Company has a sole shareholder, the shares are freely
transferable to third parties.

6.4. When the Company has more than one shareholder, the transfer of
shares (inter vivos) to third parties is subject to prior approval by shareholders
representing at least three-quarters of the share capital.

6.5. The transfer of shares to third parties by reason of death must be
approved by shareholders representing three-quarters of the rights owned by
the survivors.

6.6. A share transfer shall only be binding on the Company orthird parties
following notification to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

6.7. A register of shareholders shall be kept at the registered office and
may be examined by any shareholder on request.

6.8. The Company may redeem its own shares, provided:

(i) it has sufficient distributable reserves for that purpose; or

(ii) the redemption results from a reduction in the Company’s share
capHaL

III. Management - Representation

Art. 7. Appointment and removal of managers.

7.1. The Company shall be managed by one or more managers appointed
by a resolution of the shareholders, which sets the term of their office. The
managers need not be shareholders.

7.2. The managers may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by a resolution of the shareholders.

Art. 8. Board of managers. lf several managers are appointed, they shall
constitute the board of managers (the Board). The shareholders may decide to
appoint managers of two different classes, i.e. one or several class A managers
and one or several class B managers.

8.1. Powers of the board of managers

(i) All powers not expressly reserved to the shareholders by the Law or
the Articles fall within the competence of the Board, which has full power to carry
out and approve all acts and operations consistent with the Company’s
corporate object.

(ii) The Board may delegate special or limited powers to one or more
agents for specific matters.

8.2. Procedure

(i) The Board shall meet at the request of any two (2) managers, at the
place indicated in the convening notice, which in principle shall be in
Luxembourg.

(ii) Written notice of any Board meeting shall be given to all managers at
least forty-eight (48) hours in advance, except in the case of an emergency, in
which case the nature and circumstances of such shall be set out in the notice.

(iii) No notice is required if all members of the Board are present or
represented and each of them states that they have full knowledge of the
agenda for the meeting. A manager may also waive notice of a meeting, either
before or after the meeting. Separate written notices are not required for

PAGE 3


meetings which are held at times and places indicated in a schedule previously
adopted by the Board.

(iv) A manager may grant to another manager a power of attorney in order
to be represented at any Board meeting.

(v) The Board may only validly deliberate and act if a majority of its
members are present or represented. Board resolutions shall be validly adopted
by a majority of the votes of the managers present or represented, provided that
if the shareholders have appointed one or several class A managers and one
or several class B managers, at least one (1) class A manager and one (1) class
B manager votes in favour of the resolution. Board resolutions shall be recorded
in minutes signed by the chairperson of the meeting or, if no chairperson has
been appointed, by all the managers present or represented.

(vi) Any manager may participate in any meeting of the Board by
telephone or video conference, or by any other means of communication which
allows all those taking part in the meeting to identify, hear and speak to each
other. Participation by such means is deemed equivalent to participation in
person at a duly convened and held meeting.

(vii) Circular resolutions signed by all the managers (Managers’ Circular
Resolutions) shall be valid and binding as if passed at a duly convened and held
Board meeting, and shall bear the date of the last signature.

8.3. Representation

(i) The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by the
joint signatures of any class A manager and any class B manager.

(ii) The Company shall also be bound towards third parties by the
signature of any persons to whom special powers have been delegated by the
Board.

Art. 9. Sole manager. If the Company is managed by a sole manager, all
references in the Articles to the Board, the managers or any manager are to be
read as references to the sole manager, as appropriate.

Art. 10. Liability of the managers. The managers shall not be held
personally liable by reason of their office for any commitment they have validly
made in the name of the Company, provided those commitments comply with

the Articles and the Law.
IV. Shareholderjs)

Art. 11. General meetings of shareholders and shareholders’ written
resolutions.

11.1. Powers and voting rights

(i) Unless resolutions are taken in accordance with article 11.1. (ii),
resolutions of the shareholders shall be adopted at a general meeting of
shareholders (each a General Meeting).

(ii) If the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed sixty
(60), resolutions of the shareholders may be adopted in writing (Written
Shareholders’ Resolutions).

(iii) Each share entitles the holder to one (1) vote.

11.2. Notices, quorum, majority and voting procedures

(i) The shareholders may be convened to General Meetings by the Board.
The Board must convene a General Meeting following a request from
shareholders representing more than half of the share capital.

(ii) Written notice of any General Meeting shall be given to all shareholders
at least eight (8) days prior to the date of the meeting, except in the case of an
emergency, in which case the nature and circumstances of such shall be set
out in the notice.

PAGE 4


(iii) When resolutions are to be adopted in writing, the Board shall send
the text of such resolutions to all the shareholders. The shareholders shall vote
in writing and return their vote to the Company within the timeline fixed by the
Board. Each manager shall be entitled to count the votes.

(iv) General Meetings shall be held at the time and place specified in the
notices.

(v) If all the shareholders are present or represented and consider
themselves duly convened and informed of the agenda of the General Meeting,
it may be held without prior notice.

(vi) A shareholder may grant written power of attorney to another person
(who need not be a shareholder), in order to be represented at any General
Meeting.

(vii) Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed by
shareholders owning more than one-half of the share capital. If this majority is
not reached at the first General Meeting, the shareholders shall be convened
by registered letter to a second General Meeting and the resolutions shall be
adopted at the second General Meeting by a majority of the votes cast,
irrespective of the proportion of the share capital represented.

(viii) The Articles may only be amended with the consent of the
shareholders owning at least three-quarters of the share capital.

(ix) Any change in the nationality of the Company and any increase in a
shareholder’s commitment to the Company shall require the unanimous consent
of the shareholders.

(x) Written Shareholders’ Resolutions are passed with the quorum and
majority requirements set forth above and shall bear the date of the last
signature received prior to the expiry of the timeline fixed by the Board.

Art. 12. Sole shareholder. When the number of shareholders is reduced
to one (1 ):

(i) the sole shareholder shall exercise all powers granted by the Law to
the General Meeting;

(ii) any reference in the Articles to the shareholders, the General Meeting,
or the Written Shareholders’ Resolutions is to be read as a reference to the sole
shareholder or the sole shareholder’s resolutions, as appropriate; and

(iii) the resolutions of the sole shareholder shall be recorded in minutes or
drawn up in writing.

V. Annual accounts - Allocation of profits - Supervision

Art. 13. Financial year and approval of annual accounts.

13.1. The financial year begins on the first (1) of January and ends on the
thirty-first (31) of December of each year.

13.2. Each year, the Board must prepare the balance sheet and profit and
loss accounts, together with an inventory stating the value of the Company’s
assets and liabilities, with an annex summarizing the Company’s commitments
and the debts owed by its managers and shareholders to the Company.

13.3. Any shareholder may inspect the inventory and balance sheet at the
registered office.

13.4. The balance sheet and profit and loss accounts must be approved
in the following manner:

(i) if the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed twenty-
five (25), within six (6) months following the end of the relevant financial year
either (a) at the annual General Meeting (if held) or (b) by way of Written
Shareholders’ Resolutions; or

(ii) if the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds sixty (60), at
the annual General Meeting.

PAGE 5


Art. 14. Auditors.

14.1. When so required by law, the Company’s operations shall be
supervised by one or more approved external auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises
agrees). The shareholders shall appoint the approved external auditors, if any,
and determine their number and remuneration and the term of their office.

14.2. If the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds twenty-five
(25), the Company’s operations shall be supervised by one or more
commissaires (statutory auditors), unless the law requires the appointment of
one or more approved external auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agrees). The
commissaires are subject to reappointment at the annual General Meeting.
They may or may not be shareholders.

Art. 15. Allocation of profits.

15.1. Five per cent (5%) of the Company’s annual net profits must be
allocated to the reserve required by law (the Legal Reserve). This requirement
ceases when the Legal Reserve reaches an amount equal to ten per cent (10%)
of the share capital.

15.2. The shareholders shall determine the allocation of the balance of
the annual net profits. They may decide on the payment of a dividend, to transfer
the balance to a reserve account, or to carry it forward in accordance with the
applicable legal provisions.

15.3. Interim dividends may be distributed at any time, subject to the
following conditions:

(i) the Board must draw up interim accounts;

(ii) the interim accounts must show that sufficient profits and other
reserves (including share premium) are available for distribution; it being
understood that the amount to be distributed may not exceed the profits made
since the end of the last financial year for which the annual accounts have been
approved, if any, increased by profits carried forward and distributable reserves,
and reduced by losses carried forward and sums to be allocated to the Legal
Reserve;

(iii) within two (2) months of the date of the interim accounts, the Board
must resolve to distribute the interim dividends; and

(iv) taking into account the assets of the Company, the rights of the

Company’s creditors must not be threatened by the distribution of an interim
dividend.
If the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable profits at the end of the
financial year, the Board has the right to claim the reimbursement of dividends
not corresponding to profits actually earned and the shareholders must
immediately refund the excess to the Company if so required by the Board.

VI. Dissolution - Liguidation
16.1. The Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the

shareholders adopted with the consent of a majority (in number) of shareholders
owning at least three-quarters of the share capital. The shareholders shall
appoint one or more liquidators, who need not be shareholders, to carry out the
liquidation, and shall determine their number, powers and remuneration. Unless
othenNise decided by the shareholders, the liquidators shall have full power to
realize the Company’s assets and pay its liabilities.

16.2. The surplus (if any) after realization of the assets and payment of
the liabilities shall be distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the shares
held by each of them.

PAGE 6


VII. General provisions
17.1. Notices and communications may be made or waived, Managers’

Circular Resolutions and Written Shareholders Resolutions may be evidenced,
in writing, by fax, email or any other means of electronic communication.

17.2. Powers of attorney may be granted by any of the means described
above. Powers of attorney in connection with Board meetings may also be
granted by a manager, in accordance with such conditions as may be accepted
by the Board.

17.3. Signatures may be in handwritten or electronic form, provided they
fulfil all legal requirements for being deemed equivalent to handwritten
signatures. Signatures of the Managers’ Circular Resolutions, the resolutions
adopted by the Board by telephone or video conference or the Written
Shareholders’ Resolutions, as the case may be, may appear on one original or
several counterparts of the same document, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same document.

17.4. All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be
determined in accordance with the applicable law and, subject to any non-
waivable provisions of the law, with any agreement entered into by the
shareholders from time to time.

Transitional provision
The Company’s first financial year shall begin on the date of this deed and

shall end on the thirty-ﬁrst (31) of December 2018.

Subscription and payment
“Northland Power Euro Wind S.à r.l.”, represented as stated above, and

in its capacity as sole shareholder, subscribes for twelve thousand five
hundred (12,500.-) shares in registered form, having a nominal value of one
Euro (EUR 1.-) each, and agrees to pay them in full by a contribution in cash
of twelve thousand five hundred Euro (EUR 12,500.-).

The amount of twelve thousand five hundred Euro (EUR 12,500.-) is at
the Company’s disposal and evidence of such amount has been given to the
undersigned notary.

Expenses
The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever to be

borne by the Company in connection with its incorporation are estimated at
approximately thousand euro.

Resolutions of the sole shareholder

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, its sole shareholder,
representing the entire subscribed capital, adopted the following resolutions:

1. The following persons are appointed managers of the Company for an
indeﬁnite period:

- Mr Gregory KEANEY, executive director, born on January 8, 1950, in
Detroit, United States of America, whose professional address is at 12 "‘ Floor,
30 St Clair Avenue West, Toronto, ON M4V 3A1, Canada, as class A manager;

- Mr Sébastien PAUCHOT, Iawyer, born on March 1“, 1976 in Paris,
France, whose professional address is 208, Val des Bons Malades, L-2121
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, class B manager; and

- Mr Christophe SCHOCKMEL, compliance officer, born on December
14, 1982 in Virton, Belgium, whose professional address is 208, Val des Bons
Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, class B
manager.

2. The registered office of the Company is located at 208, Val des Bons
Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

PAGE 7


m

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English, states
that, at the request of the appearing party, this deed is drawn up in English,
followed by a French version, and that in the case of discrepancies between the
English and the French versions, the English version prevails.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg-City,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

On the day named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxy holder of the appearing
party, known to the notary by his surname, name, civil status and residence,
said proxy holder signed together with Us, undersigned notary, the present
original deed.

Suit la traduction française du texte gui précède:

L’an deux mille dix-huit,

le sept décembre.

Par-devant Nous Maître Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notaire de résidence
a Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

a comparu :

« Northland Power Euro Wind S.à r.l. », une société constituée selon
les lois du Luxembourg, ayant son siege social au 208, Val des Bons Malades,
L-2121 Luxembourg, et enregistrée aupres du Registre du Commerce et des
Sociétés sous le numéro B 183 889 ,

ici représentée par:

Monsieur Sébastien PAUCHOT, Juriste, avec adresse professionnelle au
208, Val des Bons Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du
Luxembourg,

en vertu d’une procuration sous seing privé lui donnée a Luxembourg,
le 7 décembre 2018.

Ladite procuration, apres avoir été signée « ne varietur » par le
mandataire de la partie comparante et le notaire instrumentant, restera annexée
au présent acte pour les formalités de l’enregistrement.

La partie comparante, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, a prié le
notaire instrumentant d’acter de la façon suivante les statuts d’une société a
responsabilité limitée qui est ainsi constituée:

I. Dénomination - Siège social - Obiet - Durée

Art. 1 e" . Dénomination. Le nom de la société est « NP Taiwan Project
A Holdings S.à r.l. » (la « Société »). La Société est une société a
responsabilité limitée régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et en
particulier par la loi du 10 aoüt 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que
modifiée (la Loi), ainsi que par les présents statuts (les Statuts).

Art. 2. Siége social.

2.1. Le siège social de la Société est établi a Luxembourg-Ville, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg. ll peut étre transféré dans cette méme commune par
décision du conseil de gérance. Le siege social peut étre transféré en tout autre
endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution des associés, selon
les modalités requises pour la modification des Statuts.

2.2. ll peut étre créé des succursales, filiales ou autres bureaux tant au
Grand- Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l’étranger par décision du conseil de
gérance. Lorsque le conseil de gérance estime que des développements ou
événements extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou militaire se sont produits ou

PAGE 8


sont imminents, et que ces développements ou événements sont de nature à
compromettre les activités normales de la Société a son siège social, ou la
communication aisée entre le siège social et l’étranger, le siège social peut être
transféré provisoirement à l’étranger, jusqu'a cessation complète de ces
circonstances. Ces mesures provisoires n’ont aucun effet sur la nationalité de
la Société qui, nonobstant le transfert provisoire de son siège social, reste une
société luxembourgeoise.

Art. 3. Objet social.

3.1. L’objet de la Société est la prise de participations, tant au
Luxembourg qu'à l’étranger, dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises sous quelque
forme que ce soit, et la gestion de ces participations. La Société peut
notamment acquérir par souscription, achat et échange ou de toute autre
manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de participation, obligations,
créances, certificats de dépôt et autres instruments de dette, et plus
généralement, toutes valeurs mobilières et instruments financiers émis par
toute entité publique ou privée. Elle peut participer a la création, au
développement, a la gestion et au contrôle de toute société ou entreprise. Elle
peut en outre investir dans l’acquisition et la gestion d’un portefeuille de brevets
ou d’autres droits de propriété intellectuelle de quelque nature ou origine que
ce soit.

3.2. La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit, sauf par
voie d’offre publique. Elle peut procéder, uniquement par voie de placement
privé, à l’émission de billets à ordre, d’obligations et de tous types de titres et
instruments de dette ou de capital. La Société peut prêter des fonds, y compris
notamment les revenus de tous emprunts, à ses filiales, sociétés affiliées
(comprenant société mère et société soeur), ainsi qu'a toutes autres sociétés.
La Société peut également consentir des garanties et nantir, céder, grever de
charges ou autrement créer et accorder des sûretés sur toute ou partie de ses
actifs afin de garantir ses propres obligations et celles de toute autre société et,
de manière générale, en sa faveur et en faveur de toute autre société ou
personne. En tout état de cause, la Société ne peut effectuer aucune activité
réglementée du secteur financier sans avoir obtenu l’autorisation requise.

3.3. La Société peut employer toutes les techniques et instruments
nécessaires à une gestion efficace de ses investissements et a sa protection
contre les risques de crédit, les fluctuations monétaires, les fluctuations de taux
d’intérêt et autres risques.

3.4. La Société peut effectuer toutes les opérations commerciales,
financières ou industrielles et toutes les transactions concernant des biens
immobiliers ou mobiliers qui, directement ou indirectement, favorisent ou se
rapportent à son objet social.

Art. 4. Durée.

4.1. La Société est formée pour une durée indéterminée.

4.2. La Société ne sera pas dissoute en raison de la mort, de la
suspension des droits civils, de l’incapacité, de l’insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de
tout autre événement similaire affectant un ou plusieurs associés.

ll. Capital - Parts sociales

Art. 5. Capital.

5.1. Le capital social est fixé à douze mille cinq cents euros (EUR
12.500,-) représenté par douze mille cinq cents (12.500) parts sociales sous
forme nominative, ayant une valeur nominale d’un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

5.2. Le capital social peut être augmenté ou réduit à une ou plusieurs
reprises par une résolution des associés, adoptée selon les modalités requises
pour la modification des Statuts.

PAGE 9


Art. 6. Parts sociales.

6.1. Les parts sociales sont indivisibles et la Société ne reconnaît qu'un
(1) seul propriétaire par part sociale.

6.2. Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.3. Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, les parts sociales sont
librement cessibles aux tiers.

6.4. Lorsque la Société a plus d’un associé, la cession des parts sociales
(inter vivos) a des tiers est soumise à l’accord préalable des associés
représentant au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.

6.5. La cession de parts sociales a un tiers par suite du décès doit être
approuvée par les associés représentant les trois-quarts des droits détenus par
les survivants.

6.6. Une cession de parts sociales ne sera opposable à l’égard de la
Société ou des tiers, qu'après avoir été notifiée à la Société ou acceptée par
celle-ci conformément à l’article 1690 du Code Civil luxembourgeois.

6.7. Un registre des associés est tenu au siège social et peut être consulté
à la demande de chaque associé.

6.8. La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales a condition ou:

(i) qu'elle ait des réserves distribuables suffisantes à cet effet; ou

(ii) que le rachat résulte de la réduction du capital social de la Société.

Ill. Gestion - Représentation
Art. 7. Nomination et révocation des gérants.

7.1. La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants nommés par une
résolution des associés, qui fixe la durée de leur mandat. Les gérants ne doivent
pas nécessairement être associés.

7.2. Les gérants sont révocables atout moment, avec ou sans raison, par
une décision des associés.

Art. 8. Conseil de gérance. Si plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils
constitueront le conseil de gérance (le Conseil). Les associés peuvent décider
de nommer des gérants de différentes classes, à savoir un ou plusieurs gérants
de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B.

8.1. Pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

(i) Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés parla Loi ou les Statuts
aux associés sont de la compétence du Conseil, qui a tous les pouvoirs pour
effectuer et approuver tous les actes et opérations conformes à l’objet social.

(ii) Des pouvoirs spéciaux ou limités peuvent être délégués par le Conseil
a un ou plusieurs agents pour des tâches spécifiques.

8.2. Procédure

(i) Le Conseil se réunit sur convocation de deux (2) gérants au lieu indiqué
dans l’avis de convocation, qui en principe, sera au Luxembourg.

(ii) Il sera donné a tous les gérants une convocation écrite de toute
réunion du Conseil au moins quarante-huit (48) heures a l’avance, sauf en cas
d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et les circonstances de cette urgence seront
mentionnées dans la convocation à la réunion.

(iii) Aucune convocation n’est requise si tous les membres du Conseil sont
présents ou représentés et si chacun d’eux déclare avoir parfaitement
connaissance de l’ordre du jour de la réunion. Un gérant peut également
renoncer à la convocation à une réunion, que ce soit avant ou après ladite
réunion. Des convocations écrites séparées ne sont pas exigées pour des
réunions se tenant dans des lieux et a des heures fixés dans un calendrier
préalablement adopté par le Conseil.

(iv) Un gérant peut donner une procuration à un autre gérant afin de le
représenter à toute réunion du Conseil.

PAGE 10


(v) Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si la majorité de
ses membres sont présents ou représentés. Les décisions du Conseil sont
valablement adoptées à la majorité des voix des gérants présents ou
représentés, à la condition que si les associés ont nommé un ou plusieurs
gérants de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B, au moins un gérant
de classe A et un gérant de classe B votent en faveur de la décision. Les
décisions du Conseil sont consignées dans des procès-verbaux signés par le
président de la réunion ou, si aucun président n’a été nommé, par tous les
gérants présents ou représentés.

(vi) Tout gérant peut participer a toute réunion du Conseil par téléphone
ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant à
l’ensemble des personnes participant a la réunion de s’identifier, de s’entendre
et de se parler. La participation par un de ces moyens équivaut à une
participation en personne a une réunion valablement convoquée et tenue.

(vii) Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants (des
Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants) sont valables et engagent la Société
comme si elles avaient été adoptées lors d’une réunion du Conseil valablement
convoquée et tenue et portent la date de la dernière signature.

8.3. Représentation

(i) La Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances par
les signatures coniointes d’un gérant de classe A et d’un gérant de classe B.

(ii) La Société est également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers parla signature
de toute(s) personne(s) a qui des pouvoirs spéciaux ont été délégués par le
Conseil.

Art. 9. Gérant unique. Si la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, toute
référence dans les Statuts au Conseil ou aux gérants doit être considérée, le
cas échéant, comme une référence au gérant unique.

Art. 10. Responsabilité des gérants. Les gérants ne contractent, a
raison de leur fonction, aucune obligation personnelle concernant les
engagements régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la Société, dans la mesure
où ces engagements sont conformes aux Statuts et a la Loi.

IV. Associé(s)

Art. 11. Assemblées générales des associés et résolutions écrites
des associés.

11.1. Pouvoirs et droits de vote

(i) Sauf lorsque des résolutions sont adoptées conformément à l’article
11.1. (ii), les résolutions des associés sont adoptées en assemblée générale
des associés (chacune une Assemblée Générale).

(ii) Si le nombre des associés de la Société ne dépasse pas soixante (60),
les résolutions des associés peuvent être adoptées par écrit (des Résolutions
Ecrites des Associés).

(iii) Chaque part sociale donne droit a un (1) vote.

11.2. Convocations, quorum, majorité et procédure de vote

(i) Les associés peuvent être convoqués aux Assemblées Générales à
l’initiative du Conseil. Le Conseil doit convoquer une Assemblée Générale à la
demande des associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social.

(ii) Une convocation écrite à toute Assemblée Générale est donnée a tous
les associés au moins huit (8) jours avant la date de l’assemblée, sauf en cas
d’urgence, auquel cas, la nature et les circonstances de cette urgence doivent
être précisées dans la convocation à ladite assemblée.

(iii) Si des résolutions sont adoptées par écrit, le Conseil communique le
texte des résolutions a tous les associés. Les associés votent par écrit et

PAGE 11


envoient leur vote a la Société endéans le délai fixé par le Conseil. Chaque
gérant est autorisé à compter les votes.

(iv) Les Assemblées Générales sont tenues au lieu et heure précisés dans
les convocations.

(v) Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés et se considèrent
comme ayant été valablement convoqués et informés de l’ordre du jour de
l’assemblée, l’Assemblée Générale peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

(vi) Un associé peut donner une procuration écrite à toute autre personne,
associé ou non, afin de le représenter à toute Assemblée Générale.

(vii) Les décisions de l’Assemblée Générale sont adoptées par des
associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette majorité n’est pas
atteinte à la première Assemblée Générale, les associés sont convoqués par
lettre recommandée à une seconde Assemblée Générale et les décisions sont
adoptées par l’Assemblée Générale à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans tenir
compte de la proportion du capital social représenté.

(viii) Les Statuts ne peuvent être modifiés qu'avec le consentement des
associés détenant au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.

(ix) Tout changement de nationalité de la Société ainsi que toute
augmentation de l’engagement d’un associé dans la Société exige le
consentement unanime des associés.

(x) Des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés sont adoptées avec le quorum
de présence et de majorité détaillés ci-avant. Elles porteront la date de la
dernière signature reçue endéans le délai fixé par le Conseil.

Art. 12. Associé unique. Dans le cas où le nombre des associés est
réduit à un (1):

(i) l’associé unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi à
l’Assemblée Générale;

(ii) toute référence dans les Statuts aux associés, à l’Assemblée Générale
ou aux Résolutions Circulaires des Associés doit être considérée, le cas
échéant, comme une référence à l’associé unique ou aux résolutions de ce
dernier; et

(iii) les résolutions de l’associé unique sont consignées dans des procès-
verbaux ou rédigées par écrit.

V. Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices - Contrôle
Art. 13. Exercice social et approbation des comptes annuels.

13.1. L’exercice social commence le premier (1) janvier et se termine le
trente-et-un (31) décembre de chaque année.

13.2. Chaque année, le Conseil doit dresser le bilan et le compte de profits
et pertes, ainsi qu'un inventaire indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs de la
Société, avec une annexe résumant les engagements de la Société ainsi que
les dettes des gérants et des associés envers la Société.

13.3. Tout associé peut prendre connaissance de l’inventaire et du bilan
au siège social.

13.4. Le bilan et le compte de profits et pertes doivent être approuvés de
la façon suivante:

(i) si le nombre des associés de la Société ne dépasse pas vingt-cinq (25),
dans les six (6) mois de la clôture de l’exercice social en question, soit (a) par
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle (si elle est tenue), soit (b) par voie de
Résolutions Ecrites des Associés; ou

(ii) si le nombre des associés de la Société dépasse soixante (60), par
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.

PAGE 12


Art. 14. Commissaires I réviseurs d’entreprises.

14.1. Les opérations de la Société sont contrôlées par un ou plusieurs
réviseurs d’entreprises agréés, dans les cas prévus par la loi. Les associés
nomment les réviseurs d’entreprises agréés, s’il y a lieu, et déterminent leur
nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat.

14.2. Si la Société a plus de vingt-cinq (25) associés, ses opérations sont
surveillées par un ou plusieurs commissaires, a moins que la loi ne requière la
nomination d’un ou plusieurs réviseurs d’entreprises agréé[s]. Les
commissaires sont sujets a la renomination par l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.
Ils peuvent être associés ou non.

Art. 15. Affectation des bénéfices.

15.1. Cinq pour cent (5 %) des bénéfices nets annuels de la Société sont
affectés à la réserve requise par la Loi (la Réserve Légale). Cette affectation
cesse d’être exigée quand la Réserve Légale atteint dix pour cent (10 %) du
capital social.

15.2. Les associés décident de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices nets
annuels. Ils peuvent allouer ce bénéfice au paiement d’un dividende, l’affecter
a un compte de réserve ou le reporter en respectant les dispositions légales
applicables.

15.3. Des dividendes intérimaires peuvent être distribués atout moment,
aux conditions suivantes:

(i) des comptes intérimaires sont établis par le Conseil;

(ii) ces comptes intérimaires doivent montrer que suffisamment de
bénéfices et autres réserves (y compris la prime d’émission) sont disponibles
pour une distributions, étant entendu que le montant à distribuer ne peut
excéder le montant des bénéfices réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice
social dont les comptes annuels ont été approuvés, le cas échéant, augmenté
des bénéfices reportés et des réserves distribuables, et réduit par les pertes
reportées et les sommes à affecter a la réserve légale;

(iii) la décision de distribuer les dividendes intérimaires doit être adoptée
par le Conseil dans les deux (2) mois suivant la date des comptes intérimaires;
et (iv) compte tenu des actifs de la Société, les droits des créanciers de la
Société ne doivent pas être menacés.

Si les dividendes intérimaires qui ont été distribués excèdent les bénéfices
distribuables a la fin de l’exercice social, le Conseil a le droit de réclamer la
répétition des dividendes ne correspondant pas a des bénéfices réellement
acquis et les associés doivent immédiatement reverser l’excès a la Société a la
demande du Conseil.

VI. Dissolution - Liguidation

16.1. La Société peut être dissoute atout moment, par une résolution des
associés adoptée par la majorité (en nombre) des associés détenant au moins
les trois-quarts du capital social. Les associés nommeront un ou plusieurs
liquidateurs, qui n’ont pas besoin d’être associés, pour réaliser la liquidation et
détermineront leur nombre, pouvoirs et rémunération. 8an décision contraire
des associés, les liquidateurs sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour
réaliser les actifs et payer les dettes de la Société.

16.2. Le boni de liquidation après la réalisation des actifs et le paiement
des dettes, s’il y en a, est distribué aux associés proportionnellement aux parts
sociales détenues par chacun d’entre eux.

VII. Dispositions générales
17.1. Les convocations et communications, ainsi que les renonciations à

celles-ci, peuvent être faites, et les Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants ainsi

PAGE 13


que les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés peuvent être établies par écrit, par
téléfax, e-mail ou tout autre moyen de communication électronique.

17.2. Les procurations peuvent etre données par tout moyen mentionné
ci-dessus. Les procurations relatives aux réunions du Conseil peuvent
également être données par un gérant conformément aux conditions acceptées
par le Conseil.

17.3. Les signatures peuvent être sous forme manuscrite ou électronique,
a condition de satisfaire aux conditions légales pour être assimilées à des
signatures manuscrites. Les signatures des Résolutions Circulaires des
Gérants, des résolutions adoptées par |e Conseil par téléphone ou
visioconférence et des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés, selon |e cas, sont
apposées sur un original ou sur plusieurs copies du même document, qui
ensemble, constituent un seul et unique document.

17.4. Pour tous les points non expressément prévus par les Statuts, il est
fait référence a la loi et, sous réserve des dispositions légales d’ordre public, a
tout accord présent ou futur conclu entre les associés.

Disposition transitoire

Le premier exercice social de la Société commence àla date du présent

acte et s’achèvera le trente et un (31) décembre 2018.
Souscription et libération

« Northland Power Euro Wind S.à r.l. », représentée comme indiqué ci-
dessus, et agissant en sa qualité d’associé unique, déclare souscrire les douze
mille cinq cents (12.500,-) parts sociales sous forme nominative, ayant une
valeur nominale d’un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune, et de les libérer intégralement
par un apport en numéraire d’un montant de douze mille cinq cents euros (EUR
12.500,-).

Le montant de douze mille cinq cents euros (EUR 12.500,-) est a la
disposition de la Société, comme il a été prouvé au notaire instrumentant.

Frais

Les dépenses, coûts, honoraires et charges de toutes sortes qui
incombent a la Société du fait de sa constitution s’élèvent approximativement à
mille euros.

 

Résolutions de l’associé unigue
Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, l’associé unique de la

Société, représentant l’intégralité du capital social souscrit, a pris les résolutions
suivantes:

1. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées gérants de la Société pour
une durée indéterminée:

- Monsieur Gregory KEANEY, directeur exécutif, né |e 8 janvier 1950, à
Detroit, aux Etats-Unis d’Amerique, ayant pour adresse professionnelle |e 208,
Val des Bons Malades, L - 2121 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,
en tant que gérant de catégorie A;

- Monsieur Sébastien PAUCHOT, juriste, né |e 1 9" mars 1976 a Paris,
France, ayant pour adresse professionnelle |e 208, Val des Bons Malades,
L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand- Duché de Luxembourg, en tant que gérant de
catégorie B ;

- Monsieur Christophe SCHOCKMEL, compliance officer, né le 14
décembre 1982, a Virton, Belgique, ayant pour adresse professionnelle le 208,
Val des Bons Malades, L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en
tant que gérant de catégorie B.

2. Le siège social de la Société est établi au 208, Val des Bons Malades,
L-2121 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg.

PAGE 14


Déclaration

Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle l’anglais, déclare à la requête
de la partie comparante que le present acte est rédigé en anglais, suivi d’une
traduction française et que, en cas de divergences, la version anglaise fait foi.

DONT ACTE.

Fait et passe a Luxembourg-Ville, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg date
qu'en tête des présentes.

Après lecture faite au mandataire de la partie comparante, connu du
notaire par ses noms, prenom usuel, etat et demeure, ledit mandataire a signé
avec Nous notaire soussigné le present acte original.

Signe: S. PAUCHOT, J.J. WAGNER.

Enregistré ä Esch-sur-Alzette A.C., le 11 decembre 2018. Relation:
EAC/2018/31526. Reçu soixante-quinze Euros (75.- EUR). Le Receveur, signé:
T. SCHMITT.

PAGE 15


