Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230523

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.41
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

CE Invest 2P S.à r.l.
société à responsabilité limitée

1, Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION D’UNE
SOCIETE A RESPONSABILITE LIMITEE
Du 5 décembre 2018

N°47730

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fifth of December.

Before the undersigned, Maître Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notary, residing
in Sanem, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

“CE Holding Invest S.C.S.”, a société en commandite simple, governed
by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 1,
Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, whose
registration with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register is pending,

here represented by Mrs Cassandra CASPAR-ARNOULD, lawyer,
residing in Howald, by virtue of a proxy, given in Luxembourg, on 4 December
2018.

Said proxy, initialled ne varietur by the appearing party and the notary, will
remain annexed to the present deed to be filed at the same time with the
registration authorities.

Such appearing party, acting in his hereabove stated capacity, have
required the officiating notary to enact the deed of incorporation of a private limited
company (société a responsabilité Iimitée) which he declares organized and the
articles of incorporation of which shall be as follows:

A. NAME — REGISTERED OFFICE — PURPOSE - DURATION

1. CORPORATE FORM AND NAME
This document constitutes the articles of incorporation (the “Articles”) of “CE
Invest 2P S.à r.l.” (the “Company”), a private limited company (société a
responsabilité Iimitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as
amended from time to time (the “1915 Law”).

2. REGISTERED OFFICE

2.1 The registered office of the Company (the “Registered Office”) is
established in the city of Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2.2 The Registered Office may be transferred to any other place within
the same municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by or to any other place
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (whether or not in the same municipality) by
the Board of Managers (as defined in article 8.1).

2.3 Should a situation arise or be deemed imminent, whether military,
political, economic, social or otherwise, which would prevent normal activity at the
Registered Office, the Registered Office may be temporarily transferred abroad
until such time as the situation becomes normalised; such temporary measures
will not have any effect on the Company's nationality and the Company will,

Page 1


notwithstanding this temporary transfer of the Registered Office, remain a
Luxembourg company. The decision as to the transfer abroad of the Registered
Office will be made by the Board of Managers.

2.4 The Company may have offices and branches, both in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad.

3 OBJECTS

The objects of the Company are:

3.1 to act as an investment holding company and to co-ordinate the
business of any corporate bodies in which the Company is for the time being
directly or indirectly interested, and to acquire (whether by original subscription,
tender, purchase, exchange or othen/vise) the whole of or any part of the stock,
shares, debentures, debenture stocks, bonds and other securities issued or
guaranteed by any person and any other asset of any kind and to hold the same
as investments, and to sell, exchange and dispose of the same;

3.2 to hold any shares, debentures and other securities so acquired; to
improve, manage, develop, sell, exchange, lease, mortgage, dispose of, grant
options over, turn to account and othenNise deal with all or any part of the property
and rights of the Company;

3.3 to carry on any trade or business whatsoever and to acquire,
undertake and carry on the whole or any part of the business, property and/or
liabilities of any person carrying on any business;

3.4 to invest and deal with the Company's money and funds in any way
the Sole Manager or the Board of Managers (as appropriate) think fit and to lend
money and give credit in each case to any person with or without security;

3.5 to borrow, raise and secure the payment of money in any way the
Sole Manager or the Board of Managers (as appropriate) think fit, including by the
issue (to the extent permitted by the laws from time to time of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg including the 1915 Law (“Luxembourg Law”) of debentures and
other securities or instruments, perpetual or otherwise, convertible or not, whether
or not charged on all or any of the Company's property (present and future) or its
uncalled capital, and to purchase, redeem, convert and pay off those securities;

3.6 to acquire an interest in, amalgamate, merge, consolidate with and
enter into partnership or any arrangement for the sharing of profits, union of
interests, co-operation, joint venture, reciprocal concession or otherwise with any
person, including any employees of the Company;

3.7 to enter into any guarantee or contract of indemnity or suretyship,
and to provide security, including the guarantee and provision of security for the
performance of the obligations of and the payment of any money (including capital,
principal, premiums, dividends, interest, commissions, charges, discount and any
related costs or expenses whether on shares or other securities) by any person
including any body corporate in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest
or any person which is for the time being a member or otherwise has a direct or
indirect interest in the Company or is associated with the Company in any business
or venture, with or without the Company receiving any consideration or advantage
(whether direct or indirect), and whether by personal covenant or mortgage, charge
or lien over all or part of the Company's undertaking, property, assets or uncalled
capital (present and future) or by other means; for the purposes of this article 3.7
“guarantee” includes any obligation, however described, to pay, satisfy, provide
funds for the payment or satisfaction of (including by advance of money, purchase
of or subscription for shares or other securities and purchase of assets or services),
indemnify and keep indemnified against the consequences of default in the
payment of, or othenNise be responsible for, any indebtedness of any other person;

3.8 to do all or any of the things provided in any paragraph of this article
2.1 (a) in any part of the world; (b) as principal, agent, contractor, trustee or

Page 2


otherwise; (c) by or through trustees, agents, sub-contractors or otherwise; and (d)
alone or with another person or persons;

3.9 to do all things (including entering into, performing and delivering
contracts, deeds, agreements and arrangements with or in favor of any person) that
are in the opinion of the Sole Manager or the Board of Managers (as appropriate)
incidental or conducive to the attainment of all or any of the Company's objects, or the
exercise of all or any of its powers;

PROVIDED ALWAYS that the Company will not enter into any transaction
which would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business
license under Luxembourg Law without due authorisation under Luxembourg Law.

4. DURATION
4.1 The Company is established for an unlimited duration.
4.2 It may be dissolved at any time and with or without cause by a

resolution of the general meeting of Shareholders adopted in the manner required for
the amendment of the Articles.

B. SHARE CAPITAL - SHARES
5 SHARE CAPITAL
5.1 The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euros

(EUR 12,000.00) represented by twelve thousand (12,000) shares of one euro (EUR
1.00) each (the “Shares”), having such rights and obligations as set out in these
Articles. In these Articles, “Shareholders” means the holders at the relevant time of
the Shares and “Shareholder” shall be construed accordingly.

5.2 The Company may establish a share premium account (the “Share
Premium Account”) into which any premium paid on any Share is to be transferred.
Decisions as to the use of the Share Premium Account are to be taken by the
Shareholder(s) subject to the 1915 Law and these Articles.

5.3 The Company may, without limitation, accept equity or other
contributions without issuing Shares or other securities in consideration for the
contribution and may credit the contributions to one or more accounts. Decisions as
to the use of any such accounts are to be taken by the Shareholder(s) subject to the
1915 Law and these Articles. For the avoidance of doubt, any such decision need not
allocate any amount contributed to the contributor.

5.4 All Shares have equal rights subject as othenNise provided in these
Articles.

5.5 The Company may repurchase, redeem and/or cancel its Shares
subject as provided in the 1915 Law.

6 THE SHARES

6.1 The share capital is divided into Shares, each of them having the
same nominal value.

6.2 The Shares of the Company are in registered form only.

6.3 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a

maximum of one hundred (100) Shareholders. In the event that the number of
Shareholders of the Company exceeds one hundred (100) for any reason, the
Company shall have a period of one (1) year from the date on which such limit was
exceeded to convert into another legal form.

6.4 Death, suspension, of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or
insolvency or any other similar event regarding any of the Shareholders shall not
cause the dissolution of the Company.

7 REGISTER OF SHARES - TRANSFER OF SHARES

7.1 A register of Shares shall be kept at the Registered Office, where it
shall be available for inspection by any Shareholder. The share register shall contain
all information required by the Luxembourg Law. Certificates evidencing registrations
made in the share register with respect to a Shareholder may be used upon request
and at the expense of the relevant Shareholder.

Page 3


7.2 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a
share is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who
shall represent them in respect of the Company. The Company has the right to
suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that share, except for relevant
information rights, until such representative has been appointed.

7.3 The Shares are freely transferable among Shareholders.

7.4 Inter vivos, the Shares may only be transferred to third party
transferees subject to the prior approval of such transfer given by Shareholders
holding at least half of all the Shares in issue.

7.5 If a Shareholder intends to transfer one or more Shares to a third
party transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to the Company
with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the
transferee, the transfer price, and, if relevant, the conditions applicable to the transfer.

7.6 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the Shareholders of the
Company is accordance with article 7.4, the Shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of the refusal, acquire the share(s) on an equal treatment basis
(unless othenNise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the share(s), at
a price determined in accordance with article 7.8, except if the transferring
shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the Sole Manager or the
Board of Managers (as the case may be), the three-month-period can be extended
by the president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with
commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings, it being understood that
such extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

7.7 To the extent that the Shareholders have not proposed to acquire
the Shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with the consent of
the transferring Shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an amount
corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the relevant hare(s) and (ii) redeem
and cancel such Shares at a price determined in accordance with article 7.8.

7.8 For the purpose of article 7.6 and 7.7, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the Shares as
determined in good faith by the Sole Manager or the Board of Managers (as the case
may be).

7.9 If, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders have acquired nor the Company has redeemed the Shares, the
transferring shareholder may freely sell his Shares to the proposed new
Shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notified to the
Company.

7.10 Clause 7.4-7.9 (inclusive) shall not apply, and the Shares will be
freely transferable, with regard to any transfer effectuated for the purpose of, or in
connection with, any enforcement of any security interest granted over the Shares.

7.11 Any transfer of Shares shall become effective towards the Company
and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon the acceptance of
the transfer by the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the civil Code.

7.12 In the event of death, the Shares of the deceased Shareholder may
only be transferred to new Shareholders subject to the approval of such transfer given
by the remaining Shareholders holding at least half of the Shares owned by the
remaining Shareholders. Such approval is, however, not required in case the Shares
are transferred either to parents, descendants or the surviving spouse or any other
legal heir of the deceased shareholder.

C. MANAGEMENT
8 POWERS OF THE MANAGERS — COMPOSITIONS AND
POWERS OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS - REMOVAL
8.1 The Company will be managed by a board of managers (the “Board

of Managers”) of at least one class A manager (the “Class A Manager”) and one
class B manager (the “Class B Manager” and together referred to as the “Managers”)

Page 4


who shall be appointed by a by a resolution of the Shareholders of the Company (a
“Shareholders' Resolution”) passed in accordance with Luxembourg Law and these
Articles.

8.2 A Manager may be removed at any time for any legitimate reason
by a Shareholders' Resolution passed in accordance with Luxembourg Law and these
Articles.

9 POWERS OF THE MANAGERS

The Board of Managers, may take all or any action, which is necessary or
useful to realise any of the objects of the Company, with the exception of those
reserved by Luxembourg Law or these Articles to be decided upon by the
Shareholders.

10 DAILY MANAGEMENT

The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of the
Company in relation to such daily management may be delegated to one of more
managers, officers or other agents, acting individually or jointly. Their appointment,
removal and powers shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Managers,
as the case may be.

11 REPRESENTATION

Subject as provided by Luxembourg Law and these Articles, the following
are authorised to represent and/or bind the Company:

- one Class A Manager together with one Class B Manager;

- any person to whom such power has been delegated in accordance with
Article 12.

12 AGENT OF THE MANAGERS

Any manager may delegate any of their powers for specific tasks to one or
more ad hoc agents and will determine any such agent’s powers and responsibilities
and remuneration (if any), the duration of the period of representation and any other
relevant conditions of its agency.

13 BOARD MEETINGS

13.1 Meetings of the Board of Managers (“Board Meetings”) may be
convened by any Manager. The Board of Managers shall appoint a chairman.

13.2 The Board of Managers may validly debate and take decisions at a
Board Meeting without complying with all or any of the convening requirements and
formalities if all the Managers have waived the relevant convening requirements and
formalities either in writing or, at the relevant Board Meeting, in person or by an
authorized representative.

13.3 A Manager may appoint any other Manager (but not any other
person) to act as his representative (a “Manager's Representative”) at a Board
Meeting to attend, deliberate, vote and perform all his functions on his behalf at that
Board Meeting. A Manager can act as representative for more than one other
Manager at a Board Meeting provided that (without prejudice to any quorum
requirements) at least two Managers are physically present at a Board Meeting held
in person or participate in person in a Board Meeting held under article 13.5.

13.4 The Board of Managers can only validly debate and take decisions
if a majority of the Managers are present or represented. Decisions of the Board of
Managers shall be adopted by a simple majority.

13.5 A Manager or his Manager's Representative may validly participate
in a Board Meeting through the medium of conference telephone, video conference
or similar form of communications equipment (initiated from Luxembourg) provided
that all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other
throughout the meeting. A person participating in this way is deemed to be present in
person at the meeting and shall be counted in the quorum and entitled to vote. Subject
to Luxembourg Law, all business transacted in this way by the Managers shall, for the
purposes of these Articles, be deemed to be validly and effectively transacted at a
Board Meeting, notwithstanding that fewer than the number of directors (or their

Page 5


representatives) required to constitute a quorum are physically present in the same
place.

13.6 A resolution in writing signed by all the Managers (or in relation to
any Manager, his Manager's Representative) shall be as valid and effective if it had
been passed at a Board Meeting duly convened and held and may consist of one or
several documents in the like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the
Managers concerned. For the avoidance of doubt, written resolution shall be avoided
in case the Company has to decide any important or strategic decisions.

13.7 The minutes of a Board Meeting shall be signed by and extracts of
the minutes of a Board Meeting may be certified by any Manager present at the
Meeting.

D. DECISION OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

14 COLLECTIVE DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

14.1 The general meeting of the shareholders is vested with the powers
expressly reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of association.

14.2 Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions
irrespective of the number of shares which he owns.

14.3 In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty (60)
shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means of written
resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to these articles of association.
To this effect, each shareholder shall receive the full text of the resolutions to be
adopted and shall cast his vote in writing.

14.4 In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall exercise
the powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under the provisions of
section XII of the Law and by these articles of association. In such case, any reference
made herein to the “general meeting of shareholders” shall be construed as a
reference to the “sole shareholder”, depending on the context and as applicable, and
powers conferred upon the general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the
sole shareholder.

15 GENERAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

15.1 In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least
one general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6) months of the end of
each financial year in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at the registered office of the
Company or at such other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be
specified in the convening notice of such meeting. Other meetings of shareholders
may be held without prior notice or publication.

15.2 Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through
video conference or by any other means of communication allowing for their
identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear one another on a
continuous basis, and allowing for an effective participation of all such persons in the
meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation of the quorums and votes,
subject to such means of communication being made available at the place of the
meeting. In such case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxy shall be physically
present at the registered office of the Company and the meeting shall be deemed held
at the registered office of the Company.

15.3 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed
voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of
communication to the Company’s registered office or to the address specified in the
convening notice. The shareholders may only use voting forms provided by the
Company which contain at least the place, date and time of the meeting, the agenda
of the meeting, the proposals submitted to the shareholders, as well as for each
proposal three boxes allowing the shareholder to vote in favor thereof, against, or
abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate box.

15.4 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote
in favor or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention are void with

Page 6


respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into account voting forms
received on the day preceding the date of the general meeting to which they relate.

15.5 The Board of Managers may determine further conditions that must
be fulfilled by the Shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting of
Shareholders.

15.6 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

16 QUORUM, MAJORITY AND VOTE

16.1 Each share entitles to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

16.2 The board of managers may suspend the voting rights of any
shareholder in breach of his obligations as described by these articles of association
or any relevant contractual arrangement entered into by such shareholder.

16.3 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily
or permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder is bound by
such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the Company upon notification to the
latter.

16.4 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with the article 11.2 or the exercise or the voting rights has
been waived by one or several shareholders in accordance with the article 11.3, such
shareholders may attend any general meeting of the Company but the shares they
hold are not taken into account foot the determination of the conditions of quorum and
majority to be complied with at the general meeting of the Company or to determine
if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

16.5 Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of association or
by the Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only validly taken in so far as
they are adopted by shareholders holding more than half of the share capital. If this
majority is not reached at first meeting or proposed written resolution, the
shareholders may be convened or consulted a second time by registered letter with
the same agenda and decisions are validly adopted in so far as they are adopted by
a majority of the votes validly cast irrespective of the portion of the share capital
represented.

17 AMENDMENTS OF THE ARTICLES

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

18 CHANGE OF NATIONALITY

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a resolution
of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for an
amendment of these articles of association.

19 RIGHTS TO ASK QUESTIONS — MINORITY RIGHTS

19.1 One or several shareholders holding together at least ten percent
(10%) of the share capital or the voting rights may submit questions in writing to the
Board of Managers relating to transactions in connection with the management of the
Company as well as companies controlled by the Company; with respect to the latter,
such questions shall be assessed in consideration of the relevant entities’ corporate
interest.

19.2 In the absence of a response within one (1) month, the relevant
shareholders may request the president of the chamber of the district court of
Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings
to appoint one or several experts in charge of drawing up a report on such related
transactions.

D. FINANCIAL YEAR — DISTRIBUTIONS ON SHARES

20 BUSINESS YEAR

The Company’s financial year starts on 1St January and ends on the 31St
December of each year.

Page 7


21 APPROPRIATION OF PROFITS

21.1 From the net profits of the Company determined in accordance with
Luxembourg Law, five per cent shall be deducted and allocated to a legal reserve
fund. That deduction will cease to be mandatory when the amount of the legal reserve
fund reaches one tenth of the Company's nominal capital.

21.2 Subject to the provisions of Luxembourg Law and the Articles, the
Company may by resolution of the Shareholders declare dividends in accordance with
the respective rights of the Shareholders.

21.3 The Board of Managers may decide to pay interim dividends to the
Shareholder(s) before the end of the financial year on the basis of a statement of
accounts showing that sufficient funds are available for distribution, it being
understood that (i) the amount to be distributed may not exceed, where applicable,
realised profits since the end of the last financial year, increased by carried forward
profits and distributable reserves, but decreased by carried forward losses and sums
to be allocated to a reserve to be established according to the 1915 Law or these
Articles and that (ii) any such distributed sums which do not correspond to profits
actually earned may be recovered from the relevant Shareholder(s).

E. LIQUIDATION

22 DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

22.1 In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with article 4.2
of the Articles, the liquidation shall be carried out by one or several liquidators who
are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders deciding on such dissolution
and which shall determine their powers and their remuneration. Unless otherwise
provided, the liquidators shall have the most extensive powers for the realisation of
the assets and payment of the liabilities of the Company.

22.2 The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment
of the liabilities shall be distributed among the Shareholders in proportion to the
number of Shares of the Company held by them.

F. FINAL CLAUSE — GOVERNING LAW
23 INTERPRETATION AND LUXEMBOURG LAW
23.1 In these Articles a reference to:
(a) one gender shall include each gender;
(b) (unless the context otherwise requires) the singular shall include the
plural and vice versa;
(c) a “person” includes a reference to any individual, firm, company,

corporation or other body corporate, government, state or agency of a state or any
joint venture, association or partnership, works council or employee representative
body (whether or not having a separate legal personality);

(d) a statutory provision or statute includes all modifications thereto and
all re-enactments (with or without modifications) thereof.

23.2 The headings to these Articles do not affect their interpretation or
construction.

24 GOVERNING LAW

In addition to these Articles, the Company is also governed by all applicable
provisions of Luxembourg Law.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The twelve thousand (12,000) Shares have been subscribed by CE
Holding Invest S.C.S., prenamed.

All the Shares so subscribed are fully paid up in cash so that the amount of
twelve thousand euros (EUR 12,000.00), is as of now available to the Company, as
it has been justified to the undersigned notary.

TRANSITIONAL DISPOSITIONS

The first financial year shall begin on the date of the formation of the

Company and shall terminate on December 31, 2019.

Page 8


EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form whatsoever
which shall be borne by the Company as a result of its incorporation are estimated at
approximately one thousand five hundred euro.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The above named Shareholder, representing the entire subscribed capital
and considering himself as fully convened, has immediately proceeded to hold an
extraordinary general meeting and has passed the following resolutions:

1. The registered office of the Company shall be at 1, Rue Schiller, L-2519
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2. The following persons are appointed managers of the Company for an
indefinite period:

oMs. Kristine VANAGA, born on 8 August 1979 in Riga, Latvia, residing
professionally at 1, Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
as Class A Manager;

. Mr. Jeremi Marek BOBOWSKI, born on 13 April 1978 in Wroclaw, Poland,
residing professionally at 1, Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg, as Class A Manager;

. Mr. Alessandro Ugo Livio PAPPALARDO OGLIATI, born on 2 July 1975
in Milano, ltaly, residing at Seefelstrasse 56, 8008 Zurich, Switzerland, as Class B
Manager; and

oMr. Nils Fredrik Anders OLSSON, born on 17 June 1980 in Svedala,
Sweden, residing at Wesemlinstrasse 38, 6006 Luzern, Switzerland, as Class B
Manager.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
named at the beginning of this document.

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is worded in
English followed by a French translation; on the request of the same appearing party
and in case of divergence between the English and the French text, the English
version will prevail.

The document having been read to the person appearing, known to the
notary by his name, first name, civil status and residence, the said person appearing
signed together with the notary the present deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION EN FRANÇAIS DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le cinquième jour du mois de décembre.

Par-devant Maître Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notaire résidant a Sanem,
Grand-duché de Luxembourg.

A COMPARU

« CE Holding Invest S.C.S. », une société en commandite simple, ayant
son siège social au 1, Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du
Luxembourg, dont l’enregistrement auprès du registre de commerce et des sociétés
de Luxembourg est pendant,

ici représentée par Madame Cassandra CASPAR-ARNOULD, avocate,
demeurant a Howald, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration sous
seing privé donnée a Luxembourg le 4 décembre 2018.

La procuration, signée ne varietur parla mandataire de la partie comparante
et par le notaire soussigné, restera annexée au présent acte pour être soumise avec
lui aux formalités de l’enregistrement.

Laquelle partie comparante, représentée comme dit ci-avant, a requis le
notaire instrumentant de dresser acte d’une société a responsabilité limitée qu’elle
déclare constituer et dont elle a arrêté les statuts comme suit:

Page 9


A. NOM — SIEGE SOCIAL — OBJET- DUREE
1. FORME ET NOM
Ce document constitue les statuts (les «Statuts») de « CE Invest 2P
S.à r.l.» (la «Société»), une société à responsabilité limitée constituée selon les lois
du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg notamment la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les
sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la «Loi de 1915»).

2. SIÈGE SOCIAL

2.1 Le siège social de la Société (le « Siège Social ») est établi dans la
ville de Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

2.2 Le Siège Social peut être transféré en tout autre endroit au sein de

la même commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou en tout autre endroit du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg (au sein de la même commune ou non) par le Conseil
de Gérance (tel que définit à l’article 8.1).

2.3 Au cas où des événements d'ordre militaire, politique, économique
ou social de nature à compromettre l'activité normale au Siège Social de la Société
se seraient produits ou seraient imminents, le Siège Social pourra être transféré
provisoirement à l'étranger jusqu'a cessation complète de ces circonstances
anormales; cette mesure provisoire n'aura toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de
la Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire de siège social, restera de
nationalité luxembourgeoise. La décision de transférer le Siège Social a l'étranger
sera prise par l'Associé Unique ou le Conseil de gérance, le cas échéant.

2.4 La Société peut ouvrir des bureaux ou des succursales au sein du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et a l'étranger.

3 OBJET
L'objet de la Société est :
3.1 d'agir en tant que société holding d'investissement et de coordonner

l'activité de toutes entités dans lesquelles la Société a un intérêt direct ou indirect, et
d'acquérir (soit par souscription originale, offre publique, achat, échange ou autre) la
totalité ou une partie du capital, des actions, des obligations, des bons ou autres titres
émis ou garantis par toute personne et tout autre actif et de les détenir en tant
qu'investissements, de les vendre, de les échanger et d'en disposer;

3.2 de détenir toutes actions, obligations et autres titres ainsi acquis;
d'améliorer, gérer, développer, vendre, échanger, louer, hypothéquer, disposer de,
octroyer des options sur, ou négocier la totalité ou une partie des biens et droits de la
Société;

3.3 de réaliser tout commerce ou affaires de toutes sortes et d'acquérir,
entreprendre ou poursuivre tout ou une partie des affaires, des biens et/ou passifs de
toute personne réalisant des affaires;

3.4 d'investir et de négocier de l'argent et les fonds de la Société de
quelque manière que le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance (tel qu'approprié)
estime adéquate et de prêter de l'argent et d'octroyer crédit a toute personne avec ou
sans garantie;

3.5 d'emprunter, lever ou garantir le paiement de sommes d'argent de
quelque manière que l'Administrateur Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance estime
adéquate, incluant l'émission (dans le cadre permis par les lois en vigueur au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg notamment la Loi de 1915 (la « Loi Luxembourgeoise »)
d'obligations et autres titres ou instruments financiers, perpétuels ou autre,
convertibles ou non, a payer ou non sur la totalité ou une partie des biens de la
Société (présents et futurs) ou sur son capital non encore libéré, et d'acheter,
racheter, convertir et rembourser ces titres;

3.6 d'acquérir tout intérêt dans, fusionner avec, ou entrer dans tout
partenariat ou accord relatif au partage de profits, l'union d'intérêts, la coopération, la
participation en société, la concession mutuelle ou autre, avec toute personne,
incluant tout employé de la Société;

Page 10


3.7 de conclure toute garantie ou tout engagement d'indemniser, et de
fournir toute sûreté incluant les garanties et octroi de sûretés pour la réalisation
d'obligations et le paiement de toute somme d'argent (incluant le capital, le principal,
les primes, dividendes, intérêts, commissions, charges, escomptes ou tous coûts
relatifs ou dépenses sur actions ou autre titres) par toute personne incluant toute
entité sociale dans laquelle la Société a un intérêt direct ou indirect ou toute personne
étant membre ou ayant un intérêt direct ou indirect dans la Société ou étant associée
avec la Société dans toute activité ou entreprise, que la Société en reçoive ou non
une contrepartie ou un avantage (direct ou indirect), soit par engagement personnel
ou hypothèque, sûreté ou privilège sur tout ou une partie du fonds de commerce, des
biens, des actifs ou du capital non encore libéré de la Société (présent et futur) ou par
tout autre moyen; pour les besoins du présent article 3.7 « garantie » inclut toute
obligation, quel qu'en soit le libellé, de payer, satisfaire, fournir des fonds pour le
paiement ou la satisfaction de (incluant l'avance d'argent, l'achat ou la souscription
d'actions ou autres titres et l'achat d'actifs ou de services), d'indemniser et maintenir
indemnisé contre les conséquences d'un défaut de payement, ou d'être responsable,
de toute autre manière, des dettes de toute autre personne;

3.8 de faire toute chose prévue aux paragraphes du présent article 3
(a) dans toute partie du monde; (b) en tant que commettant, agent, le contractant,
fiduciaire ou autre; (c) par l'intermédiaire de fiduciaires, agents, sous-contractants ou
autres; (d) seul ou avec d'autre(s) personne(s);

3.9 de faire toutes choses (incluant conclure, réaliser ou délivrer des
contrats, actes, accords et arrangements avec ou en faveur de toute personne) que
le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance (tel qu'approprié) considère comme
incitant ou propice à l’accomplissement de tout ou partie de l'objet social de la Société,
ou l'exercice de tout ou partie des pouvoirs de celle-ci;

SOUS RESERVE que la Société n’entrera jamais dans aucune opération qui
constituerait une activité réglementée du secteurfinancier ou qui exigerait une licence
professionnelle conformément à la Loi Luxembourgeoise, sans l'autorisation requise

par celle-ci.
4 DURÉE
4.1 La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.
4.2 La Société pourra être dissoute atout moment et avec ou sans motif

par résolution de l’assemblée générale des Associés adoptée dans les conditions
requises pour la modification des Statuts.

B. CAPITAL — PARTS SOCIALES
5. CAPITAL SOCIAL
5.1 Le capital social de la Société est de douze milles euros (EUR

12.000,00), représenté par de douze milles (12.000) parts sociales, d’une valeur d’un
euro (EUR 1.00) chacune (les « Parts Sociales ») ayant les droits et obligations tel
que prévus par les Statuts. Dans les présents Statuts, « Associés » signifie les
détenteurs au moment opportun de Parts Sociales et « Associé » devra être
interprété conformément.

5.2 La Société peut établir un compte de prime d'émission (le
« Compte de Prime d'Emission ») sur lequel toute prime d'émission payée pour
toute Part Sociale sera versée. Les décisions visant à utiliser le Compte de Prime
d'Emission doivent être prises par les Associé(s) conformément à la Loi de 1915 et
aux présents Statuts.

5.3 La Société peut, sans restriction, accepter de l'equity ou d'autres
contributions sans émettre de Parts Sociales ou d'autres titres en contrepartie de
celles-ci et peut inscrire ces contributions sur un ou plusieurs comptes. Les décisions
relatives à l'utilisation de l'un de ces comptes doivent être prises par les Associé(s)
conformément à la Loi de 1915 et aux présents Statuts. Pour éviter tout doute une
telle décision ne doit allouer aucune des contributions au contributeur.

5.4 Toutes les Parts Sociales ont des droits égaux.

Page 11


5.5 La Société peut racheter, rembourser et/ou annuler ses Parts
Sociales conformément ä la Loi de 1915.

6. PARTS SOCIALES

6.1 Le capital social de la Société est divisé en Parts Sociales, chacune
d’entre elle ayant la même valeur nominale.

6.2 Les Parts Sociales de la Société sont uniquement sous forme
nominative.

6.3 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs Associés, avec un maximum

de cent (100) Associés. Dans le cas où ce nombre d’Associé de la Société excède
cent (100) pour toute raison, la Société aura une période d’un (1) an a partir de la
date où cette limite a été dépassée pour se convertir en une autre forme légale.

6.4 La mort, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la
banqueroute ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire concernant tout
Associé ne causera pas la dissolution de la Société.

7. REGISTRE DE PARTS SOCIALES - TRANSFERT DES PARTS
SOCIALES
7.1 Un registre des Parts Sociales devra etre tenu au Siège Social de

la Société, où il sera disponible pour contrôle par tout Associé. Ce registre contiendra
toutes les informations requises par la Loi. Des certificats prouvant les inscriptions
faites dans le registre concernant un Associé peuvent etre émis a la demande eta la
charge de l’Associé concerné.

7.2 La Société reconnaitra seulement un détenteur par part sociale.
Dans le cas où une Part Sociale est détenue par plusieurs personnes, elles devront
désigner un représentant unique qui les représentera en ce qui concerne la Société.
La Société a le droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous les droits attachés a cette Part
Sociale, a l’exception des droits a l’information concernés, jusqu’à la nomination de
ce représentant.

7.3 Les Parts Sociales sont librement cessibles entre Associés.

7.4 Entre vifs, les Parts Sociales pourront uniquement etre transférées
a des tiers sous réserve de l’approbation de ce transfert donné par les associés
détenant au moins la moitié de toutes les Parts Sociales émises.

7.5 Si un Associé a l’intention de transférer une ou plusieurs Parts
Sociales a un tiers, cet Associé cédant doit envoyer une notification a la Société avec
l’ensemble des détails pertinents concernant le transfert proposé, y compris l’identité
du cessionnaire, le prix du transfert et, si pertinent, les conditions applicables au
transfert.

7.6 Si le transfert proposé n’est pas approuvé par les Associés de la
Société conformément a l’article 7.4, les Associés peuvent, dans les trois (3) mois de
la date du refus, acquérir le(s) Part(s) Sociale(s) selon un traitement égal (a moins
que convenu autrement entre eux) ou procurer l’acquisition de(s) Part(s) Sociale(s),
a un prix déterminé en conformité avec l’article 7.8, sauf si l’Associé cédant décide
de renoncer au transfert. Sur demande du Gérant Unique ou du Conseil de Gérance,
la période de trois mois peut etre étendue par le président de la chambre commerciale
du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en matière de référé, étant
entendu que cette extension ne pourra excéder six (6) mois.

7.7 Dans la mesure où les Associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les
Parts Sociales, la Société peut, durant la même période et avec le consentement de
l’Associé cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social d’un montant correspondant
a la valeur nominale totale de(s) Part(s) Sociale(s) concernées et (ii) racheter et
annuler ces Parts Sociales a un prix déterminé conformément a l’article 7.8.

7.8 Aux fins des articles 7.6 et 7.7, le prix de transfert ou de rachat
correspondra a la valeur de marché des Parts Sociales comme déterminées de bonne
foi par le Gérant Unique ou par le Conseil de Gérance.

7.9 Si, suivant l’expiration de la période susmentionnée, ni les Associés
existants n’ont acquis, ni la Société n’a racheté les Parts Sociales, l’Associé cédant

Page 12


peut librement vendre ses Parts Sociales au(x) nouvel(aux) associé(s) au prix de
transfert et aux conditions notifiés a la Société.

7.10 Article 7.4-7.9 (inclus) ne s’appliqueront pas, et les Parts Sociales
seront librement cessibles, pour ce qui est des transferts mis en oeuvre à la suite
d’une appropriation de Parts Sociales lié a un gage donné sur ces Parts Sociales.

7.11 Tout transfert de Parts Sociales deviendra effectif à l’égard de la
Société et des tiers par la notification du transfert à, ou sur acceptation du transfert
parla Société conformément à l’article 1690 du code civil.

7.12 En cas de décès, les Parts Sociales de l’Associé décédé peuvent
uniquement être transférées à de nouveaux associés sous réserve de l’approbation
de ce transfert donnée par les Associés restants détenant au moins la moitié des
Parts Sociales détenues par les Associés restants. Cette approbation n’est,
cependant, pas requise si les Parts Sociales sont transférées soit aux parents,
descendants ou a l’époux survivant ou tout autre héritier légal de l’Associé décédé.

C. GERANCE
8. POUVOIRS DE LA GERANCE — COMPOSITION DE LA
GERANCE - DEMISSION
8.1 La Société est administrée par un conseil de gérance (le « Conseil

de Gérance ») composé d’au moins un gérant de catégorie A (le « Gérant de
Catégorie A ») et un gérant de catégorie B (le « Gérant de Catégorie B », ensemble
référencés comme étant les « Gérants » ) nommés par une résolution des associés
de la Société (une « Résolution des Associés ») prise en conformité avec la Loi
Luxembourgeoise et les présents Statuts.

8.2 Un gérant pourra être révoqué a tout moment, pour toute cause
légitime, par Résolution des Associés prise en conformité avec la Loi
Luxembourgeoise et les présents Statuts.

9 POUVOIRS DES GÉRANTS

Le Conseil de Gérance, peut prendre toutes les actions nécessaires ou utiles
à la réalisation de l'objet social de la Société, à l'exception de celles requérant une
décision des Associés conformément à la Loi Luxembourgeoise ou aux présents
Statuts.

10 GESTION JOURNALIERE

La gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la Société
en relation avec cette gestion journalière peut être déléguée à un ou plusieurs
Gérants, agents ou mandataires, agissant individuellement ou conjointement. Leur
nomination, révocation et pouvoirs seront déterminés par une résolution du Conseil
de Gérance.

11 REPRESENTATION DE LA SOCIETE

Sous réserve des dispositions prévues par la Loi Luxembourgeoise et les
présents Statuts, les personnes suivantes sont autorisées à représenter et/ou
engager la Société:

- une Gérant de Catégorie A avec un Gérant de Catégorie B; ou

- toute personne a qui le pouvoir aura été délégué par le Conseil de Gérance
dans les limites conférées a une telle délégation.

12 AGENT DES GÉRANTS

Tout gérant, peut déléguer ses pouvoirs à un ou plusieurs mandataires ad
hoc pour des tâches déterminées et détermine les pouvoirs, responsabilités et la
rémunération (le cas échéant) de tout mandataire, la durée de représentation de la
Société ainsi que toutes autres conditions de leur mandat.

13 REUNION DU CONSEIL DE GERANCE

13.1 Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance (les « Réunions du Conseil
de Gérance ») sont convoquées par tout Gérant. Le Conseil de Gérance nommera
un président.

13.2 Le Conseil de Gérance peut valablement débattre et prendre des
décisions lors d'une Réunion du Conseil de Gérance sans convocation préalable si

Page 13


tous les gérants ont renoncé aux formalités de convocation, soit par écrit ou lors de
la dite Réunion du Conseil de Gérance en personne ou par un représentant autorisé.

13.3 Tout Gérant est autorisé à se faire représenter lors d’une Réunion
du Conseil de Gérance par un autre Gérant (à l'exclusion de toute autre personne),
pour assister, délibérer, voter et exécuter ses fonctions en son nom lors de cette
Réunion du Conseil de Gérance. Un Gérant peut agir en tant que représentant de
plusieurs autres Gérants lors d'une Réunion du Conseil de Gérance sous réserve que
(et tant que les conditions de quorum sont satisfaites) au moins deux Gérants soient
physiquement présents à la Réunion du Conseil de Gérance tenue en personne ou
participent à la Réunion du Conseil de Gérance tenue conformément à l'article 13.5.

13.4 Le Conseil de Gérance ne peut valablement débattre et prendre des
décisions que si une majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée. Les
décisions du Conseil de Gérance seront adoptées à une majorité simple.

13.5 Tout Gérant ou son représentant peut valablement participer a une
Réunion du Conseil de Gérance par conférence téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou
tout autre moyen de communication similaire (initiée depuis le Luxembourg) sous
réserve que chaque participant est en mesure d’entendre et d’être entendu par tous
les autres participants tout au long dela réunion. Ledit participant sera réputé présent
à la réunion, sera comptabilisé dans le quorum et habilité à prendre part au vote.
Conformément à la Loi Luxembourgeoise, toute affaire conclue de telle manière par
les Gérants sera, pour les besoins de ces Statuts, réputée valablement et
effectivement conclu par le Conseil de Gérance, nonobstant le fait que le nombre de
Gérants (ou leur représentant) physiquement présents au même endroit est inférieur
au nombre requis.

13.6 Une résolution écrite, signée par tous les Gérants (ou pour tout
Gérant, son représentant), est valide et effective comme si elle avait été adoptée lors
d’une Réunion du Conseil de Gérance dûment convoquée et tenue et peut être
documentée dans un document unique ou dans plusieurs documents ayant le même
contenu, signés par ou au nom d'un ou plusieurs des Gérants. Les résolutions écrites
devront être évitées en cas de prise de décisions importantes et stratégiques.

13.7 Les procès-verbaux des Réunions du Conseil de Gérance sont
signés et les extraits de ces procès-verbaux certifiés par tous les Gérants présents
auxréumons.

14 DECISIONS COLLECTIVES DES ASSOCIES

14.1 L’assemblée générale des Associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui
sont expressément réservés parla Loi de 1915 et par ces Statuts.

14.2 Chaque Associé peut participer aux décisions collectives
indépendamment du nombre de Parts Sociales qu’il détient.

14.3 Dans le cas où et aussi longtemps que la Société n’a pas plus de
soixante (60) Associés, les décisions collectives peuvent être valablement adoptées
par le biais de résolutions écrites, sauf dans le cas d’une proposition de modification
de ces Statuts. A cet effet, chaque Associé recevra le texte entier des résolutions a
adopter et votera par écrit.

14.4 Dans le cas d’un Associé unique, cet Associé exercera les pouvoirs
accordés par l’assemblée générale des Associés en vertu des dispositions de la
section XII de la Loi de 1915 et par ces Statuts. Dans ce cas, toute référence faite à
«l’assemblée générale des associés» sera interprétée comme une référence a
l’«associé unique», dépendant du contexte et selon le cas, et les pouvoirs conférés à
l’assemblée générale des associés seront exercés par l’associé unique.

15 ASSEMBLEE GENERALE DES ASSOCIES

15.1 Dans le cas où la Société a plus de soixante (60) Associés, au
moins une assemblée générale des Associés devra être tenue dans les six (6) mois
de la fin de chaque année sociale au Grand-Duché du Luxembourg au siège social
de la Société ou a l’autre endroit du Grand-Duché du Luxembourg pouvant être
spécifié dans l’avis de convocation à cette assemblée. Si tous les Associés sont

Page 14


présents ou représentés à une assemblée générale des Associés et renoncent à toute
exigence de convocation, l’assemblée peut être tenue sans notification préalable ou
publication.

15.2 Les Associés prenant part a une assemblée par conférence
téléphonique, visio conférence ou partout autre moyen de communication permettant
leur identification, permettant à tout personne prenant part à l’assemblée d’entendre
réciproquement de façon continue, et permettant une participation effective à toutes
ces personnes à l’assemblée, sont présumés être présents pour la computation des
quorums et votes, sous réserve que ce moyen de communication est rendu disponible
au lieu de l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1 ) Associé ou son mandataire sera
physiquement présent au siège social de la Société et l’assemblée sera présumée
tenue au Siège Social de la Société.

15.3 Chaque Associé peut voter à l’assemblée générale des Associés
par le biais d’un bulletin de vote signé envoyé par courrier, e-mail, fax ou tout autre
moyen de communication au Siège Social de la Société ou a l’adresse spécifiée dans
l’avis de convocation. Les Associés ne peuvent utiliser que les bulletins de vote
fournis par la Société qui contiennent au moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de
l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les propositions soumises aux associés,
ainsi que pour chaque proposition trois cases permettant à l’associé de voter en
faveur, contre ou s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case appropriée.

15.4 Les bulletins de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée ne montrent
pas (i) un vote en faveur ou (ii) un vote contre la résolution proposée ou (iii) une
abstention, sont nuls vis a vis de cette résolution. La Société ne prendra en compte
les bulletins de vote reçus lejour précédant la date de l’assemblée générale a laquelle
ils se rapportent.

15.5 Le Conseil de Gérance peut déterminer des conditions
supplémentaires qui devront être remplies par les Associés pour prendre part a toute
assemblée générale des Associés.

15.6 Une liste de présence doit être tenue à toutes les assemblées
générales des Associés.

D. DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

16 CONDITIONS DE QUORUM, MAJORITE ET VOTE

16.1 Chaque part sociale donne droit a un vote aux assemblées
générales des associés.

16.2 Le Conseil de Gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout
Associé en violation de ses obligations comme décrites dans ces Statuts ou tout
arrangement contractuel conclu par cet Associé.

16.3 Un Associé peut individuellement décider de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de façon permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote.
L’Associé renonçant est lié par ce renoncement et le renoncement est obligatoire pour
la Société dès notification à cette dernière.

16.4 Dans le cas où les droits de vote d’un ou plusieurs Associés ont été
suspendus conformément à l’article 16.2 ou l’exercice des droits de vote a été
renoncé par un ou plusieurs associés conformément à l’article 16.3, ces Associés
peuvent assister a toute assemblée générale de la Société mais les Parts Sociales
qu’ils détiennent ne sont pas prises en compte pour la détermination des conditions
de quorum et de majorité a respecter à l’assemblée générale de la Société ou pour
déterminer si les résolutions écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

16.5 Mis a part les dispositions plus contraignantes de ces statuts ou de
la Loi de 1915, les décisions collectives des Associés ne sont valablement prises que
dans la mesure où elles sont adoptées par les Associés détenant au moins la moitié
du capital social. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte à la première assemblée ou
première résolution écrite, les Associés seront convoqués ou consultés une seconde
fois par lettre recommandée avec le même ordre du jour et les décisions ne sont
valablement prises que dans la mesure où elles sont adoptées par une majorité des

Page 15


votes valablement exprimés indépendamment de la portion de capital social
représenté.

17 MODIFICATIONS DES STATUTS

Toute modification des Statuts requiert l’approbation des Associés
représentant les trois quarts au moins du capital social.

18 CHANGEMENT DE NATIONALITE

Les Associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une résolution
de l’assemblée générale des Associés adoptée dans les conditions requises pour une
modification de ces Statuts.

19 DROIT DE POSER DES QUESTIONS

19.1 Un ou plusieurs Associés détenant ensemble au moins dix pourcent
(10%) du capital social ou des droits de vote peuvent soumettre des questions écrites
au Conseil de Gérance relatives aux opérations concernant la gérance de la Société
ainsi que des sociétés contrôlées par la Société; en ce qui concerne ces dernières,
ces questions seront évaluées compte tenu de l’intérêt social des sociétés
concernées.

19.2 En l’absence de réponse dans le délai d’un (1) mois, les Associés
concernés peuvent demander au président de la chambre commercial du tribunal
d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en matière de référé de nommer un ou
plusieurs experts chargés d’établir un rapport sur ces opérations.

E. ANNEE SOCIALE — DISTRIBUTION DES PROFITS

20 EXERCICE SOCIAL

20.1 L’année sociale de la Société commence le 1er janvier et se termine
le 31 décembre de chaque année.

21 AFFECTATION DES PROFITS

21.1 Du bénéfice net, déterminé en conformité avec la Loi
Luxembourgeoise, cinq pour cent seront prélevés et alloués à la constitution de la
réserve légale. Ce prélèvement cessera d’être obligatoire lorsque le montant de celle-
ci aura atteint dix pour cent du capital nominal de la Société.

21.2 Dans le respect de la Loi luxembourgeoise et des présents Statuts,
la Société peut distribuer des dividendes conformément aux droits respectifs des
Associés.

21.3 Le Gérant unique ou le Conseil de Gérance, le cas échéant, peut
décider de payer des dividendes intérimaires au(x) associé(s) avant la fin de l'exercice
social sur la base d'une situation de comptes montrant que des fonds suffisants sont
disponibles pour la distribution, étant entendu que (i) le montant à distribuer ne peut
pas excéder, si applicable, les bénéfices réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice
social, augmentés des bénéfices reportés et des réserves distribuables, mais
diminués des pertes reportées et des sommes allouées a la réserve établie selon la
Loi ou selon les présents Statuts et que (ii) de telles sommes distribuées qui ne
correspondent pas aux bénéfices effectivement réalisés seront remboursées par
l’associé(s).

F. LIQUIDATION

22 DISSOLUTION ET LIQUIDATION

22.1 En cas de dissolution de la Société et conformément à l’article 4.2,
la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs qui seront nommés par
l’assemblée générale des associés décidant de cette dissolution et qui déterminera
leurs pouvoirs et leur rémunération. Sauf disposition contraire, les liquidateurs auront
les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation des actifs et le paiement du passif de
la Société.

22.2 Le surplus résultant de la réalisation des actifs et du paiement du
passif sera distribué entre les Associés en proportion du nombre de leurs Parts
Sociales de la Société qu’ils détiennent.

Page 16


G. CLAUSE FINALES

23 INTERPRETATION ET LOI LUXEMBOURGEOISE

23.1 Dans les présents Statuts, une référence a:

(a) un genre inclut tous les genres;

(b) (a moins que le contexte ne requiert autrement) l'utilisation du
singulier inclut le pluriel et inversement;

(c) une « personne » inclut la référence a tout particulier, entreprise,

corporation et autre entité sociétaire, gouvernement, état ou organisme d'état ou toute
société commune, association ou partenariat, ou tout corps syndical (qu'il ait ou non
une personnalité juridique propre);

(d) une disposition légale ou loi inclut toutes modifications et toutes
refontes de celle-ci (avec ou sans modification).

23.2 Les titres contenus dans les présents Statuts n'affectent pas leur
interprétation.

24 LOI APPLICABLE

En sus des présents Statuts, la Société est aussi soumise à toutes
dispositions applicables de la Loi Luxembourgeoise.

SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

L'ensemble des douze mille (12.000) Parts Sociales ont été souscrites par
CE Holding Invest S.C.S., prénommée.

Toutes les parts souscrites ont été entièrement payées en numéraire de
sorte que la somme de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000,00) est dès maintenant a la
disposition de la Société, ce dont il a été justifié au notaire soussigné.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice social commence a la date de la constitution de la
Société et finira le 31 décembre 2019.

FRAIS

Le montant des frais et dépenses, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombe à la Société ou qui est mis a charge a raison de sa
constitution est évalué environ à mille cinq cents euros.

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

Et aussitôt l’Associé, représentant l’intégralité du capital social et se
considérant comme dûment convoqué, a tenu une assemblée générale extraordinaire
et a pris les résolutions suivantes:

1. Le siège social de la Société est établi au 1 Rue Schiller, L-2519
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées gérants de la Société pour une
durée indéterminée:

. Madame Kristine VANAGA, née le 8 août 1979 à Riga, Lettonie, ayant son
adresse professionnelle au 1 Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Gérant de Catégorie A ;

oMonsieur Jeremi Marek BOBOWSKI, né le 13 avril 1978 a Wroclaw,
Pologne, résidant professionnellement au 1 Rue Schiller, L-2519 Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Gérant de Catégorie
A ;

 

. Monsieur Alessandro Ugo Livio PAPPALARDO OGLIATI, né le 2 juillet
1975 à Milan, Italie, résidant au 56 Seefelstrasse, 8008 Zurich, Suisse, Gérant de
Catégorie B; et

oMonsieur Nils Fredrik Anders OLSSON, né le 17 juin 1980 a Svedala,
Suède, résidant professionnellement au 38 Wesemlinstrasse, 6006 Luzern, Suisse,
Gérant de Catégorie B.

Page 17


Dont acte, passe à Luxembourg, les jour, mois et an figurant en tête des
présentes.

Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle l’anglais, constate que sur
demande du comparant, le present acte est rédigé en langue anglaise suivi d’une
version française; sur demande du même comparant et en cas de divergences entre
le texte français et le texte anglais, le texte anglais fait foi.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au comparant, connu du
notaire instrumentaire par son nom, prénom usuel, etat et demeure, le comparant a
signé le present acte avec le notaire.

Signe : C. CASPAR-ARNOULD, J.J. WAGNER.

Enregistré à Esch-sur-Alzette A.C., le 6 decembre 2018. Relation :
EAC/2018/30971. Reçu soixante-quinze Euros (75.- EUR). Le Receveur, signé : T.
SCHMITT.

Page 18


