Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230583

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.382
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Folio Financière S.à r.l.

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE Me DELOSCH
DU 17 SEPTEMBRE 2018 No 13.864

 

ln the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventeenth day of September,
before us, Maitre Edouard DELOSCH, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg,

There appeared:

Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, born in Figari, France, on 23 December 1949,
whose professional address is situated at 34, avenue des Champs Elysées,
75008 Paris, France (the “Founding Shareholder”),

here represented by Mr. Ben Brouscher, employee, with professional address
in Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy given under private seal on 4 September
2018.

Said proxy, after having been signed ne varietur by the proxyholder of the
Founding Shareholder and by the notary, will remain attached to the present
deed to be registered with it.

The proxyholder of the Founding Shareholder requested the notary to record
the incorporation of a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) whose articles of incorporation shall read as
follows:

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Article 1 — Definitions

Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall be construed
as follows:

“Articles” means these articles of incorporation of the
Company, as amended from time to time.

 

“Board” means the board of managers of the
Company, if more than one (1) Manager have
been appointed.

 

Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open
for business in the Grand Duchy of


“Chairman”

“Company”
“Company Law”

“General Meeting’

Managers”

“Shareholders”

“Shareholders Written
Resolution(s )”

“Shares”

 

“Sole Manager”

“Sole Shareholder”

Article 2 — Name and form

Luxembourg.

means, if applicable, the chairman of the
Board from time to time.

means Folio Financière S.a r.l.

means the Law of 10 August1915 on
commercial companies, as amended from
time to time.

means the general meeting of the
Shareholders.

means the persons appointed as such by the
General Meeting and “Manager” means any of
them.

means the persons registered in the
Shareholders’ register of the Company, in
application of Article 710-8 of the Company
Law, as the holders of the Shares from time to
time and “Shareholder” means any of them.

has the meaning given to it in Article 11 of the
Articles.

means the shares in registered form in the
corporate capital of the Company having a
nominal value of one (1) Euro (EUR 1,-) each
and “Share” means any of them.

 

means the sole manager of the Company, as
applicable.

means the only person registered in the
Shareholders’ register of the Company as the
only holder of the Shares from time to time, in
application of Article 710-8 of the Company
Law.

The name of the Company is “Folio Financière S.a r.|.”. The Company is a
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) governed by
the present Articles, the Company Law and any other relevant legislation.

Article 3 — Corporate obiect

The purpose of the Company is to acquire and hold a participation in Multi
Polar Ba Lux S.C.A. that is organised as a corporate partnership limited by
shares (société en commandite par actions) and incorporated under the laws
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and to act as its general partner and
statutory manager with unlimited liability.

The Company may also hold interests, in any form whatsoever, in
Luxembourg and foreign companies and any other form of investment, acquire


by purchase, subscription or in any other manner as well as transfer by sale,
exchange or otherwise of securities of any kind and manage, control and
develop its portfolio.

The Company may further guarantee, grant loans, grant security in favour of
or otherwise assist the companies in which it holds a direct or indirect
participation or which form part of the same group of companies as the
Company.

The Company may borrow in any kind or form and issue bonds and notes.

The Company may carry out any commercial or financial activities which it
may deem useful in the accomplishment of its purposes.

Article 4 — Duration of the Company

The Company is incorporated for an unlimited duration.

It may be dissolved at any time and with or without cause by a resolution of
the General Meeting adopted in the manner required for an amendment of
these Articles.

Article 5 — Registered office

The registered office of the Company is established at Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. The registered ofﬁce may be transferred to any other
place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the Board or, as
the case may be, by a decision of the Sole Manager. For each transfer of the
registered office to another municipality, the Sole Manager or the Board shall
have the power to proceed with any formalities by way of a notarial deed
(statement) in order to reflect this change in the Articles.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, shall further have the
right to set up branches, subsidiaries or other offices wherever deemed
appropriate, whether in or outside the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, may consider that
extraordinary political or military developments or events are imminent or have
occurred which would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered office or with the communication between such office and persons
abroad. ln such circumstances, the registered office may be temporarily
transferred abroad until complete cessation of these extraordinary
circumstances. These temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company which, despite the temporary transfer of its
registered office, remains a Luxembourg company.

Article 6 — Corporate capital

The subscribed share capital of the Company is set at twelve thousand euros
(EUR 12.000,-), represented by twelve thousand (12,000.-) Shares having a
nominal value of one (1) Euro (EUR 1,-) each.

The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution of
the General Meeting adopted in the manner required for an amendment of
these Articles.


The Company may create classes of Shares by a resolution of the General
Meeting adopted in the manner required for amendment to these Articles.

The Company may establish a share premium account into which any
premium paid on any Share is to be transferred. Decisions as to the use of
such share premium account are to be taken by the General Meeting and / or
the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, subject to the provisions
of the Company Law and these Articles.

The General Meeting is authorised to acknowledge capital contributions
without the issuance of new Shares by way of a payment in cash or a payment
in kind or otherwise within the limits prescribed by Luxembourg law. A capital
contribution without the issuance of new shares shall be booked in a “capital
surplus” account (compte 115 “Apport en capitaux propres non rémunéré par
des titres") in accordance with Luxembourg law.

The Company may repurchase or redeem its own Shares, subject to the
relevant provisions of the Company Law.

The repurchased / redeemed Shares may be cancelled by the Board or, as
the case may be, the Sole Manager, which shall then proceed with the
corresponding reduction of the share capital of the Company. ln such case,
the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, shall enact such
cancellation and corresponding reduction of the share capital of the Company
before a Luxembourg notary within the month following the decision of the
cancellation and corresponding reduction.

Article 7 — Shares
All Shares are in registered form only, fully subscribed and entirely paid up.

The Company may have one or several Shareholders, with a maximum of one
hundred (100) Shareholders. In the event that the number of Shareholders
exceeds one hundred (100) for any reason, the Company shall have a period
of one (1) year from the date on which such limit was exceeded to convert into
another legal form.

A Shareholders’ register will be kept at the registered office, where it will be
available for inspection by any Shareholder. Such register shall set forth the
name of each Shareholder, his/her/its profession, his/her/its residence or
elected domicile, the number of Shares held by him/her/it, the
transfer/subscription of Shares and the dates of such transfer/subscription as
well as any security rights granted on the Shares from time to time. Each
Shareholder will notify his/her/its residence or elected domicile and any
change thereof to the Company by registered mail.

The Company may rely on the last residence or elected domicile received from
a Shareholder. Ownership of the Shares will be established by the entry in the
Shareholders’ register.

Certiﬁcates of these entries may be issued to the Shareholders and such
certificates, if any, will be signed by the Chairman, if any, or by any two (2)
Managers or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.

The Company will recognise only one (1) owner per Share. Where a Share is


held by more than one (1) person, the Company has the right to suspend the
exercise of all rights attached to that Share until one (1) person has been
designated as sole owner vis-a-vis the Company. The same rule applies in
case of a conflict related to the ownership of a Share between an usufruct
holder (usufruitier) and a bare owner (nu-propriétaire) or between a pledgor
and a pledgee.

Article 8 — Transfer of Shares
Shares are freely transferable among the Shareholders.

Except if othenNise provided by law, the transfer of Shares to third parties is
subject to the prior written consent of the Shareholders representing at least
fifty percent (50%) of the Shares. The transfer of Shares to third parties by
reason of a Shareholder’s death must be approved by the Shareholders
representing fifty percent (50%) of the rights owned by the surviving
Shareholders.

The transfer of Shares may be effected (i) by a written declaration of transfer
recorded in the Shareholders’ register, such declaration of transfer to be dated
and executed by the transferor and the transferee or by persons holding the
suitable powers of attorney to do so, or (ii) in accordance with the provisions
applying to the transfer of claims provided for under Article 1690 of the
Luxembourg Civil Code.

As evidence of the transfer, the Company may also accept instruments of
transfer it deems sufficient to evidence the consent of the transferor and the
transferee.

Article 9 — Shareholders

The Company may have a Sole Shareholder or Shareholders. If the Company
has only one (1) Shareholder, any reference to the Shareholders in these
Articles is a reference to the Sole Shareholder and the Sole Shareholder
assumes all powers conferred to the General Meeting.

Article 10 — Powers of the General Meeting

Any regularly constituted General Meeting represents the entire body of
Shareholders. It shall have the broadest powers to order, carry out or ratify
acts relating to all operations of the Company.

In these Articles, decisions made, or powers exercised, by the General
Meeting refer to decisions made, or powers exercised, by the Sole
Shareholder as long as the Company has only one (1) Shareholder. Decisions
made by the Sole Shareholder are documented by way of written minutes.

Article 11 — Annual General Meeting — other General Meetings

In accordance with the Company Law and if the number of Shareholders
exceeds sixty (60), an annual General Meeting must be held at the registered
ofﬁce of the Company or at any other place as specified in the convening
notice of the annual General Meeting.

Notwithstanding the above and in the absolute and final judgment of the Board
or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, the annual General Meeting may


be held abroad if exceptional circumstances so require.

Other General Meetings are held at the time and place indicated in the
respective convening notices.

Shareholders taking part in a General Meeting by conference call, through
video conference or by any other means of communication allowing their
identification and allowing that all persons taking part in the meeting hear one
another on a continuous basis and allowing an effective participation of all
such persons in the meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation
of the quorums and votes, subject to such means of communication being
made available at the place of the General Meeting. ln such case, at least one
Shareholder or its representative shall be physically present at the registered
of the Company and the General Meeting shall be deemed held at the
registered office of the Company.

If the number of Shareholders is sixty (60) or less and to the extent that it does
not relate to any amendments of these Articles, resolutions of the
Shareholders are adopted at a General Meeting or by way of written

resolution(s) (the “Shareholders Written Resolution(s)”).

Where resolutions are adopted by way of Shareholders Written Resolutions,
each Shareholder must receive at his/her/its address (as it appears in the
Shareholders’ register) the text of the resolutions to be passed, which the
Shareholder must execute. Shareholders Written Resolutions must be
executed by all the Shareholders in order to be valid and binding. Once
executed, they will be valid and binding in the same way as if they had been
adopted by a duly convened and held General Meeting and will bear the date
of the last signature.

The Shareholders Written Resolutions as well as the minutes of the General
Meetings shall be kept at the registered office of the Company.

Article 12 — Convening notices, guorumI powers of attorney and vote

Meetings shall be called by any Manager by convening notice addressed by
registered mail to Shareholders to their address appearing in the register of
Shareholders held by the Company at least eight (8) calendar days prior to
the date of the meeting.

The General Meeting may be held without prior written convening notice if all
the Shareholders are present and/or represented and consider themselves
duly convened and informed of the agenda of the meeting.

A Shareholder may act at any General Meeting by appointing in writing
another person, who does not need to be a Shareholder, as his/her/its proxy,
whether in original, by fax or e-mail to which a manual or electronic signature
is affixed.

Any Shareholder may participate in a General Meeting by conference call,
video conference or similar means of communication whereby (i) all the
Shareholders attending the General Meeting can be identified, (ii) all persons
participating in the General Meeting can hear and speak to each other, (iii) the
transmission of the General Meeting is live and ongoing and (iv) the


Shareholders can properly deliberate. Participation in a General Meeting by
those means is equivalent to presence in person at such General Meeting.

Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed by a majority
of the Shareholders representing more than one-half (1/2) of the subscribed
corporate capital of the Company. If this majority is not reached at the first
General Meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened by registered mail to a
second General Meeting and the resolutions shall be adopted at the second
General Meeting by a majority of the votes cast, regardless of the proportion
of the subscribed corporate capital represented.

These Articles may be amended with the consent of a majority of the
Shareholders representing at least three-quarters (3/4) of the subscribed
corporate capital of the Company.

Any change in the nationality of the Company may be adopted by a majority
of three-quarters (3/4) of the subscribed corporate capital of the Company and
any increase of the Shareholders’ commitments in the Company require the
unanimous consent of the Shareholders.

Each Share entities to one (1) vote at General Meetings.

Article 13 — Management

The Company shall be managed by one (1) or more Manager(s) who do not
need to be Shareholders. If more than one (1) Manager are appointed, they
together constitute the Board and such Board will include at least one (1)
category A Manager and one (1) category B Manager.

Managers are appointed by the General Meeting. The General Meeting shall
also determine the number of Managers, their remuneration and the term of
their office, if any. A Manager may be removed with or without cause and/or
replaced, at any time, by a resolution adopted by the General Meeting.

Article 14 - Conflict of Interest

No contract or other transaction between the Company and any other
company or firm shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or
more of the Managers or officers of the Company is interested in, or is a
director, associate, officer or employee of such other company or firm. Any
director or officer of the Company who serves as a manager, officer or
employee of any company or firm with which the Company shall contract or
othenNise engage in business shall not, by reason of such affiliation with such
other company or firm, be prevented from considering and voting or acting
upon any matters with respect to such contract or other business.

In the event that any Manager or officer of the Company may have in any
transaction of the Company an interest different to the interests of the
Company, such Manager or officer shall inform the Board of the existence of
such conflict of interest and shall not consider or vote on any such transaction,
and such Manager's or officer's interest therein shall be reported to the next
succeeding General Meeting of Shareholders.

Article 15 — Meetings of the Board


The Board may appoint a Chairman among its members and may also
designate a secretary.

The Chairman, if any, chairs all meetings of the Board. In his/her absence, the
other present and/or represented Managers will, by a simple majority vote,
appoint another Chairman pro tempore for the relevant meeting.

The secretary, who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings
of the Board, does not need to be a Manager.

The Chairman, if any, or any two (2) Managers, call(s) the meetings of the
Board, which shall take place at the time and place indicated in the convening
notice of the meeting.

Except in cases of emergency, the nature and circumstances of which shall
be set forth in the convening notice of the meeting of the Board, written
convening notices to a meeting of the Board shall be sent to all the Managers
at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date set for such meeting.

No written convening notice is required (i) if all the Managers are present
and/or represented at the meeting and consider themselves duly convened
and informed of the agenda of the meeting or (ii) for any meeting held at a
time and place previously determined in a resolution adopted by the Board.

The written convening notice may be waived by written consent of each
Manager, whether in original, by fax or e-mail to which a manual or electronic
signature is afﬁxed.

Any Manager may act at any meeting of the Board by appointing in writing
another Manager as his/her/its proxy, whether in original, by fax or e-mail to
which a manual or signature is affixed.

Any Manager may participate in a meeting of the Board by conference call,
video conference or similar means of communication whereby (i) all the
Managers attending the meeting can be identified, (ii) all persons participating
in the meeting can hear and speak to each other, (iii) the transmission of the
meeting is live and ongoing and (iv) the Managers can properly deliberate.
Participation in a meeting by those means is equivalent to presence in person
at such meeting.

The Board can validly deliberate and make decisions only if at least the
majority of its members, including at least one (1) category A Manager and
one (1) category B Manager, are present and/or represented. A Manager may
represent more than one of his/her/its colleagues, provided however that at
least two (2) Managers are present at the meeting, including via means of
communication permitted under these Articles and the Company Law.
Decisions are made by the majority of the Managers, including at least one
(1) category A Manager and one (1) category B Manager, present and/or
represented.

In case of a tied vote, the Chairman, if any, shall have a casting vote.

Notwithstanding the above, resolution(s) of the Board may be passed in
writing. Such written resolution(s) shall consist of one (1) or more documents
containing the resolution(s) signed by each Manager, and to which a manual


or electronic signature is affixed. The date of the resolution(s) will be the date
of the last signature.

Article 15 does not apply in case the Company is managed by a Sole
Manager.

Article 16 — Minutes of meetings of the Board or minutes of resolutions
of the Sole Manager

Resolutions passed by the Sole Manager shall be documented in written
minutes signed by him/her/it and kept at the registered office of the Company.

For any meeting of the Board, minutes shall be signed, either by the Chairman,
if any, the member of the Board who chaired the meeting, or by all the
Managers present at the meeting.

Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in judicial
proceedings or otherwise shall be signed by the Chairman, if any, any two (2)
Managers, including at least one (1) category A Manager and one (1) category
B Manager, or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.

Article 17 — Powers of the Board/Sole Manager

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager is vested with the
broadest powers to manage the business of the Company and to authorise
and/or perform or cause to be performed all acts of disposal and
administration falling within the corporate objects of the Company.

All powers which are not expressly reserved to the General Meeting by the
Company Law or by these Articles fall within the competence of the Board or,
as the case may be, of the Sole Manager.

Article 18 — Delegation of powers

The Board may appoint a person (délégué à la gestion journalière), who does
not need to be a Shareholder or a Manager, and who shall have full authority
to act on behalf of the Company in all matters connected to its daily
management and affairs.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, is also authorised to
appoint a person, who does not need to be a Manager, in order to perform
specific functions within the Company.

Article 19 — Binding signatures

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by (i) thejoint
signature of any two (2) Managers, including at least one (1) category A
Manager and one (1) category B Manager, or, as the case may be, (ii) the
signature of the Sole Manager.

The Company shall further be bound by the signature orjoint signature of any
person(s) to whom the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager has
granted specific signatory powers, and only within the limits of those powers.
As the case may be, the Company will be bound by the signature of the person
entrusted with its daily management in accordance with the first paragraph of
Article 18 above, and only within the limits of that function.


Article 20 — Liability of the Managerjs)

The Managers or the Sole Manager do not assume, by reason of
his/her/its/their position, any personal liability in relation to commitments
regularly made by him/her/it/them in the name of the Company provided such
commitments comply with these Articles and the Company Law. They are
authorised agents only and are therefore merely responsible for the execution
of their mandate.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify
and hold harmless each of the Managers from and against any and all claims
and expenses which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted at any time
against such Manager related to or arising in connection with the activities of
such Manager on behalf of the Company, provided that no Manager shall be
entitled to indemnification hereunder to the extent such claims and expenses
resulted from acts or omissions of such Manager which constituted
negligence, wilful or reckless misconduct, intentional or reckless disregard of
its legal obligations and duties in relation to the Company, fraud or commission
of a criminal offence which are ascertained by a court of competent
jurisdiction, with a final judgment not subject to any further appeal.

Article 21 — Audit

In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders,
the operations of the Company shall be supervised by one or several internal
auditors (commissaire(s) aux comptes). The General Meeting shall appoint
the internal auditor(s) and shall determine their term of office.

An internal auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and with or
without cause by the General Meeting.

The internal auditor has an unlimited right of permanent supervision and
control of all operations of the Company.

In accordance with Article 69 of the law of 19 December 2002 regarding the
trade and companies register and the accounting and annual accounts of
undertakings, as amended, the Shareholders of the Company may appoint
one or more independent auditors (réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s))
implying that the institution of internal auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes)
is suppressed.

An independent auditor (réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)) may only be
removed by the General Meeting with cause or with its approval.

Article 22 — Accounting year

The accounting year of the Company shall begin on the first (1st) day of
January of each year and ends on the thirty-first (31st) day of December of
each year.

Article 23 — Annual accounts

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager draws up at the end of
every accounting year, the annual accounts of the Company and an inventory
in the form required by the Company Law.

10


Each Shareholder may inspect the above inventory and annual accounts at
the registered office of the Company.

Article 24 — Allocation of profits

From the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) shall be
allocated to the legal reserve in accordance with the Company Law. This
allocation ceases to be a requirement as soon as the legal reserve reaches
ten per cent (10%) of the subscribed corporate capital of the Company as
provided in Article 6 of these Articles, and becomes compulsory again as soon
as the reserve falls below ten per cent (10%) of the subscribed corporate
capital of the Company.

The annual General Meeting decides on the allocation of the remaining annual
net profits and may, in its own discretion and within the limits of the Company
Law, resolve to pay dividends from time to time, taking into account the
corporate object and policy of the Company.

lnterim dividends may be distributed at any time by the Board, or as the case
may be, the Sole Manager under the conditions and within the limits set forth
in the Company Law. The amount to be distributed may not exceed realised
profits since the end of the last financial year, increased by profits carried
forward and distributable reserves, but decreased by losses carried forward
and sums to be allocated to a reserve which the Company Law or these
Articles do not allow to be distributed.

Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable reserve may
be freely distributed to the Shareholders subject to the provisions of the
Company Law and these Articles.

Article 25 — Dissolution

The Company is not dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of civil
rights, incapacity, bankruptcy, insolvency or any similar event affecting one (1 )
or more Shareholders.

The Company may at any time be dissolved by a resolution of the General
Meeting adopted in the manner required for amendment to these Articles. In
the event of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation shall be carried out by
one (1) or more liquidators (whether physical or legal person(s)) appointed by
the General Meeting deciding such liquidation. The General Meeting will also
determine the powers and remuneration of the liquidator(s).

The surplus remaining after realisation of the assets and payment of the debts
will be distributed to all the Shareholders in accordance with the method of
calculation provided under Article 24 of the Articles.

Article 26 — Applicable law

All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be determined in
accordance with the Company Law and any agreement entered into from time
to time by the Shareholders, if any.

11


TRANSITIONAL PROVISION

The ﬁrst accounting year begins on the date hereof and ends on 31 December
2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The Articles having thus been established, the Founding Shareholder,
represented as described above, declared that he/she subscribes for twelve
thousand (12.000,—) shares representing the total subscribed corporate capital
of the Company.

All these shares have been fully paid up by the Founding Shareholder by a
payment in cash, so that the amount of twelve thousand euros (EUR 12.000,-
) paid by the Founding Shareholder is from now on at the disposal of the
Company, evidence of which has been given to the notary by means of a
blocking certificate (certiﬁcat de blocage).

STATEMENT - COSTS

The notary declared that the conditions prescribed by Articles 710-5 and 710-
6 of the Company Law have been fulfilled and expressly bore witness to their
fulﬁlment. Further, the notary executing this deed confirmed that these Articles
also comply with the provisions of Article 710-7 of the Company Law.

The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form whatsoever,
which shall be borne by the Company as a result of the present deed, are
estimated at approximately one thousand one hundred Euro (EUR 1,100.-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The Founding Shareholder, represented as described above, representing the
total subscribed corporate capital of the Company, took the following
resolutions:

- the number of managers of the Company is set at two (2);

- the following person is appointed as category A manager of the
Company for an undetermined period:

- Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, born in Figari, France, on 23
December 1949, whose professional address is situated at
34, avenue des Champs Elysées, 75008 Paris, France.

- the following person is appointed as category B manager of the
Company for an undetermined period:

- Mr Latif Adeothy, born in Tsévié, France, on 27 June 1984,
with professional address at 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

- the address of the registered office of the Company is set at 94 rue du
Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

12


The notary, who understands and speaks English, declared that at the request
of the Founding Shareholder, the present deed is worded in English followed
by a French version. At the request of said party and in case of discrepancy
between the English and the French versions, the English version shall
prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
named at the beginning of this deed.

This deed having been read to the proxyholder of the Founding Shareholder,
who is known to the notary by his/her surname, first name, civil status and
residence, said proxyholder, together with the notary, signed the present
deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-septième jour de septembre, devant nous,
Maitre Edouard DELOSCH, notaire de résidence a Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg,

A Comparu :

Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, né a Figari, France, le 23 décembre 1949,
dont l’adresse professionnelle est situé a 34, avenue des Champs Elysées,
75008 Paris, France (l’ « Associé Fondateur »),

dûment représenté par Monsieur Ben Brouscher, employé, demeurant
professionnellement a Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration sous seing
privée daté du 4 septembre 2018.

La procuration, après avoir été signée ne varietur par le mandataire de
l’Associé Fondateur et le notaire, restera annexée au présent acte aux fins de
l'enregistrement.

Le mandataire de l’Associé Fondateur a requis le notaire d’acter la constitution
d’une société à responsabilité limitée dont les statuts se lisent comme suit :

STATUTS
Article 1 — Définitions

A moins que le contexte ne l’indique autrement, les termes suivants auront la
signification suivante:

“Assemblée signifie l’assemblée générale des Associés.
Générale”
“Associés” signifie les personnes inscrites dans le registre des

Associés de la Société, conformément à l’article
710-8 de la Loi sur les Sociétés, en tant que
détenteurs de Parts Sociales de temps a autre et «
Associé » signifie n’importe lequel d’entre eux.

 

Associé Unigue” signifie la seule personne inscrite dans le registre
des Associés de la Société en tant que seul
détenteur des Parts Sociales de temps a autre,

13


conformément à l’article 710-8 de la Loi sur les
Sociétés.

“Conseil” signifie le conseil de gérance de la Société, si plus
d’un (1) Gérant a été nommé.

 

“Gérants” signifie les personnes nommées en cette qualité
par l’Assemblée Générale et « Gérant » signifie
n’importe lequel d’entre eux.

 

 

“Jour Ouvrable” signifie tout jour (autre qu’un samedi ou dimanche)
durant lequel les banques sont ouvertes au public
au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

“Loi surles Sociétés” signifie la Loi du 10 aout 1915 sur les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modifiée de temps a autre.

“Parts Sociales” signifie les parts sociales nominatives dans le
capital social de la Société ayant une valeur
nominale de un (1) Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune et «
Part Sociale » signiﬁe n’importe laquelle d’entre
elles.

“Président” signifie, dans la mesure applicable, le président du
Conseil de temps a autre.

“Résolutions Ecrites a la signification donnée a ce terme à l’article 11
des Associés” des Statuts.

“Société” signifie Folio Financière S.à r.l.

 

“Statuts” signifie les présents statuts de la Société tels que
modifiés de temps a autre.

 

Article 2 - Dénomination et forme

La dénomination de la Société est “Folio Financière S.à r.l.”. La Société est
une société à responsabilité limitée régie par les présents Statuts, la Loi sur
les Sociétés et la législation applicable.

Article 3 - Obiet social

L’objet de la Société est l’acquisition et la détention d’une participation dans
Multi Polar Ba Lux S.C.A., étant constituée sous la forme d’une société en
commandite par actions et constituée suivant les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, et d’agir en qualité d’actionnaire commandité et d’administrateur
statutaire avec un responsabilité illimitée.

La Société peut également détenir des participations, sous quelque forme que
ce soit, dans les sociétés luxembourgeoises ou étrangères et toutes autres
formes de placements, l’acquisition par achat, souscription ou de toute autre
manière ainsi que l’aliénation par la vente, l’échange ou de toute autre
manière de valeurs mobilières de toutes espèces et la gestion, le contrôle et
le développement de ces participations.

La Société peut en outre se porter garant, accorder des prêts, accorder des
garanties a, ou assister de toute autre manière, toute société dans laquelle

14


elle détient une participation directe ou indirecte, ou qui fait partie du même
groupe de sociétés que la Société.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit et procéder à
l’émission d’obligations et de billets à ordre.

La Société peut procéder à toutes activités commerciales ou financières
qu’elle considère utiles à l’accomplissement de son objet social.

Article 4 - Durée de la société
La Société est constituée pour une durée indéterminée.

La Société peut être dissoute a tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une
résolution de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises
pour la modification des présents Statuts.

Article 5 - Siège social

Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Le siège social peut être transféré vers tout autre lieu du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution du Conseil ou, le cas échéant, par
décision du Gérant Unique. Pour chaque transfert vers une autre commune,
le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil aura le pouvoir de procéder à toutes formalités
par voie d’acte notarié (constat) afin de refléter ce changement dans les
Statuts.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique a également le droit de créer
des succursales, des filiales ou d'autres bureaux en tous lieux qu’il juge
appropriés, tant au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu’à l'étranger.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique peut considérer que des
événements ou développements extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou militaire
de nature à compromettre l'activité normale de la Société a son siège social,
ou la communication entre ce siège social et des personnes a l’étranger se
sont produits ou sont imminents. Dans de telles circonstances, le siège social
peut être transféré temporairement à l'étrangerjusqu'a la cessation complète
de ces circonstances extraordinaires. Ces mesures temporaires sont sans
effet sur la nationalité de la Société qui, en dépit du transfert temporaire de
son siège social, reste une société luxembourgeoise.

Article 6 - Capital social

Le capital social souscrit de la Société est fixé à douze mille Euros (EUR
12.000,-), représenté par douze mille (12.000,-) Parts Sociales ayant une
valeur nominale d’un (1) Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

Le capital social souscrit de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
résolution de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises
pour la modification des présents Statuts.

La Société peut créer différentes catégories de Parts Sociales par une
résolution de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises
pour la modification des présents Statuts.

La Société peut établir un compte prime d'émission sur lequel sera transféré

15


toute prime d’émission payée sur toute Part Sociale. Les décisions relatives à
l'utilisation dudit compte prime d'émission sont prises par l'Assemblée
Générale et/ou le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique, sous réserve
des dispositions de la Loi sur les Sociétés et des présents Statuts.

L’Assemblée Générale est autorisée à reconnaitre des apports au capital sans
émission de nouvelles Parts Sociales, soit en numéraire, soit en nature, soit
autrement dans les limites prévues par le droit luxembourgeois. Un apport au
capital sans émission de nouvelles Parts Sociales doit être enregistré au sein
d’un compte de “réserve spéciale” (compte 115 “Apport en capitaux propres
non rémunéré par des titres”) en conformité avec le droit luxembourgeois.

La Société peut racheter ses propres Parts Sociales, sous réserve des
dispositions pertinentes de la Loi sur les Sociétés.

Les Parts Sociales rachetées peuvent être annulées par le Conseil ou, le cas
échéant, par le Gérant Unique qui procède alors a la réduction
correspondante du capital social de la Société. Dans ce cas, le Conseil ou, le
cas échéant, le Gérant Unique procédera à l'annulation et a la réduction
correspondante du capital social de la Société devant un notaire
luxembourgeois dans le mois suivant la décision d'annulation et de réduction
correspondante.

Article 7 - Parts Sociales

Toutes les Parts Sociales sont nominatives, entièrement souscrites et
intégralement libérées.

La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs Associés, avec un maximum de cent
(100) Associés. Dans l’éventualité où le nombre d’Associés dépasserait cent
(100) pour quelque raisons que ce soit, la Société aura un délai d’un (1) an a
compter de la date a partir de laquelle la limite susmentionnée a été dépassée
pour se convertir sous une autre forme légale.

Un registre des Associés est tenu au siège social de la Société, où il pourra
être consulté par tout Associé. Ce registre contient le nom de chaque Associé,
sa profession, sa résidence ou son domicile élu, le nombre de Parts Sociales
qu’il / elle détient, les montants Iibérés pour chacune de ses Parts Sociales,
ainsi que la mention des cessions / souscriptions de Parts Sociales et les
dates de ces cessions / souscriptions ainsi que toutes suretés accordées sur
les Parts Sociales de temps a autre. Chaque Associé notifiera son adresse
ainsi que tout changement d’adresse ultérieur a la Société par lettre
recommandée.

La Société peut considérer comme exacte la dernière adresse d’un Associé
qu’elle a reçue. La propriété des Parts Sociales est établie par l’inscription
dans le registre des Associés.

Des certificats constatant ces inscriptions peuvent être délivrés aux Associés
et ces certificats, le cas échéant, seront signés par le Président, si il y en a
un, ou par deux (2) Gérants, ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique.

La Société ne reconnait qu’un (1) seul propriétaire par Part Sociale. Dans le
cas où une Part Sociale appartiendrait à plus d’une (1) personnes, la Société

16


aura Ie droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous droits attachés à cette Part
Sociale jusqu’au moment où une (1) personne aura été désignée comme
propriétaire unique vis-à-vis de la Société. La même règle s’applique en cas
de conflit ayant trait à la propriété d’une Part Sociale entre un usufruitier et un
nu-propriétaire ou entre un créancier et un débiteur gagiste.

Article 8 - Cession de Parts Sociales
Les Parts Sociales sont librement cessibles entre Associés.

À moins que la loi ne le prévoie autrement, la cession de Parts Sociales a des
tiers est soumise à l’accord écrit préalable des Associés représentant au
moins cinquante pourcents (50%) des Parts Sociales. La cession de Parts
Sociales a des tiers en raison du décès d’un Associé doit être approuvée par
les Associés représentant cinquante pourcents (50%) des droits détenus par
les survivants.

La cession de Parts Sociales peut s’effectuer (i) par une déclaration écrite de
cession inscrite dans le registre des Associés, cette déclaration de cession
devant être datée et signée par le cédant et le cessionnaire ou par des
personnes détenant les pouvoirs de représentation nécessaires pour agir à
cet effet, ou (ii) conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du code civil
luxembourgeois relatives à la cession de créances.

La Société peut également accepter comme preuve de cession d’autres
instruments de cession prouvant le consentement du cédant et du
cessionnaire et jugés suffisants parla Société.

Article 9 - Associés

La Société peut avoir un Associé Unique ou plusieurs Associés, avec un
maximum de cent (100) Associés. Si la Société n’a qu’un (1) seul Associé,
toute référence aux Associés dans les présents Statuts est une référence a
l’Associé Unique et l’Associé Unique détient tous les pouvoirs conférés à
l’Assemblée Générale.

Article 10 - Pouvoirs de l’assemblée générale

Toute Assemblée Générale régulièrement constituée représente tous les
Associés. Elle a les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour ordonner, procéder ou
ratiﬁer les actes relatifs à toutes les opérations de la Société.

Dans les présents Statuts, toutes références aux décisions prises ou aux
pouvoirs exercés par l’Assemblée Générale est également une référence aux
décisions prises ou aux pouvoirs exercés par l’Associé Unique aussi
longtemps que la Société n’a qu’un (1) seul Associé. Les décisions prises par
l’Associé Unique sont consignées par voie de procès-verbaux écrits.

Article 11 — Assemblée générale annuelle - autres assemblées générales

Conformément à la Loi sur les Sociétés et si le nombre des Associés dépasse
soixante (60), une Assemblée Générale annuelle doit se tenir au siège social
de la Société ou a tout autre endroit tel qu’indiqué dans la convocation à
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.

Nonobstant ce qui précède et a la discrétion absolue et finale du Conseil ou,

17


Ie cas échéant, du Gérant Unique, l’Assemblée Générale annuelle peut se
tenir à l’étranger si des circonstances exceptionnelles le requièrent.

Les autres Assemblées Générales se tiennent aux heures et lieux tels
qu’indiqués dans les convocations y relatives.

Les Associés participant a une Assemblée Générale par conférence
téléphonique, par vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
permettant leur identification et permettant que toutes les personnes
participant à l'assemblée s'entendent en permanence et permettant une
participation effective de toutes ces personnes à l'assemblée, sont réputés
présents pour le calcul des quorums et des voix, sous réserve que ces
moyens de communication soient mis a disposition au lieu de l'Assemblée
Générale. Dans ce cas, au moins un Associé ou son représentant est
physiquement présent au siège social de la Société et l'Assemblée Générale
est réputée tenue au siège social de la Société.

Si le nombre des Associes est inférieur ou égal à soixante (60) et dans la
mesure où cela ne relève pas d’une modification aux présents Statuts, les
résolutions des Associés sont adoptées par l’Assemblée Générale ou par voie
de résolutions écrites (les “Résolutions Ecrites des Associés”).

Lorsque des résolutions sont adoptées par voie de Résolutions Ecrites des
Associés, chaque Associé doit recevoir à son adresse (telle qu’elle apparait
sur le registre des Associés) le texte des résolutions a passer, qu’il / elle devra
signer. Les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés doivent être signées par tous les
Associés pour être valides et engager la Société. Une fois signées, elles
seront valides et engageront la Société de la même manière que si elles
avaient été adoptées par une Assemblée Générale dument convoquée et
tenue et porteront la date de la dernière signature.

Les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés de même que les procès-verbaux des
Assemblées Générales seront conservés au siège social de la Société.

Article 12 - Avis de convocation, guoruml procurations et vote

Les assemblées sont convoquées par tout Gérant par avis de convocation
écrits envoyées par lettre recommandée et au moins huit (8) jours calendaires
avant la date de l’Assemblée Générale à chaque Associe a l’adresse figurant
dans le registre des Associés tenu parla Société.

Une Assemblée Générale peut être tenue sans convocation écrite préalable
si tous les Associés sont présents et / ou représentés et se considèrent
dûment convoqués et informés de l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée.

Tout Associé peut prendre part a toute Assemblée Générale en désignant par
écrit une autre personne, Associé ou non, comme son mandataire, soit en
original, soit par fax ou par un courriel muni d’une signature manuelle ou
électronique.

Tout Associé peut participer a une Assemblée Générale par conférence
téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de communication
similaire grâce auquel (i) tous les Associes participant à l’Assemblée Générale
peuvent être identifiés, (ii) toutes les personnes participant à l’Assemblée

18


Générale peuvent s’entendre et se parler, (iii) l’Assemblée Générale est
retransmise en direct et en continu et (iv) les Associés peuvent valablement
délibérer. La participation a une Assemblée Générale par un tel moyen de
communication équivaudra a une participation en personne à l’Assemblée
Générale.

Les résolutions devant être adoptées en Assemblées Générales sont prises
par les Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social souscrit
de la Société. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte lors de la première
Assemblée Générale, les Associés seront convoqués par lettre recommandée
à une seconde Assemblée Générale et les résolutions seront adoptées lors
de la seconde Assemblée Générale à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans
tenir compte de la proportion du capital social souscrit de la Société
représentée.

Les présents Statuts peuvent être modiﬁés avec le consentement d’une
majorité des Associés représentant au moins les trois-quarts (3/4) du capital
social souscrit de la Société.

Tout changement de la nationalité de la Société peut être adopté à la majorité
des trois quarts (3/4) au moins du capital social souscrit de la Société et toute
augmentation des engagements des Associés dans la Société requière
l’accord unanime des Associés.

Chaque Part Sociale donne droit a une (1) voix aux Assemblées Générales.

Article 13 — Gérance

La Société est gérée par un (1) ou plusieurs Gérant(s), qui ne doivent pas
nécessairement être Associés. Si plus d’un (1) Gérant est nommé, ils
constituent le Conseil et ce Conseil inclura au minimum un (1) Gérant de
classe A et un (1) Gérant de classe B.

L’Assemblée Générale nomme les Gérants. De plus, l’Assemblée Générale
détermine leur nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat, le cas
échéant. Un Gérant peut être révoqué avec ou sans motif et / ou remplacé, a
tout moment, par une résolution adoptée par l’Assemblée Générale.

Article 14 — Conflit d’intérêt

Aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et toute autre société ou
entreprise ne sera affecté ou invalidé par le fait qu'un ou plusieurs Gérants ou
dirigeants de la Société sont intéressés par, ou sont administrateurs,
associés, dirigeants ou employés de cette autre société ou entreprise. Tout
Gérant ou dirigeant de la Société qui serait gérant, dirigeant ou employé de
toute autre société ou entreprise avec laquelle la Société contracte ou fait
affaire ne sera pas, en raison de son affiliation avec cette autre société ou
entreprise, empêché d'examiner et de voter ou d'agir sur les points en rapport
avec ces contrats ou autres affaires.

Dans le cas où un Gérant ou un dirigeant de la Société aurait, à l’occasion
d’une opération de la Société, un intérêt différent de celui de la Société, ledit
Gérant ou dirigeant devra informer le Conseil de l'existence d'un tel conflit
d'intérêt et ne pourra pas délibérer ou prendre part au vote sur une telle

19


transaction, et ledit intérét de ce Gérant ou dirigeant à l’égard de ladite
transaction devra être rapporté à la prochaine Assemblée Générale des
Associés.

Article 15 - Réunions du conseil

Le Conseil peut nommer un Président parmi ses membres et peut également
désigner un secrétaire.

Le Président, le cas échéant, préside toutes les réunions du Conseil. En son
absence, les autres Gérants présents et / ou représentés nommeront, par un
vote a la majorité simple, un autre Président pro tempore pour la réunion en
quesﬁon.

Le secrétaire, qui ne doit pas forcément être Gérant, sera en charge de la
tenue des procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil.

Le Président ou, le cas échéant, deux (2) Gérants convoquent les réunions
du Conseil, qui se tiennent aux heures et lieu indiqués dans la convocation à
cette réunion.

8an en cas d’urgence, dont la nature et les motifs seront mentionnés dans la
convocation à la réunion du Conseil, les convocations écrites à toute réunion
du Conseil sont envoyées à tous les Gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24)
heures avant la date prévue pour la réunion.

Une réunion du Conseil peut être tenue sans convocation écrite préalable (i)
si tous les Gérants sont présents et / ou représentés a la réunion et se
considèrent dûment convoqués et informés de son ordre du jour ou (ii) pour
une réunion se tenant aux heures et lieu préalablement déterminés dans une
résolution adoptée par le Conseil.

Chaque Gérant peut renoncer à la convocation écrite par un accord écrit, soit
en original, soit par fax ou par un courriel muni d’une signature manuelle ou
électronique.

Tout Gérant peut prendre part a une réunion du Conseil en désignant par écrit
un autre Gérant comme son mandataire, soit en original, soit par fax ou par
un courriel muni d’une signature manuelle ou électronique.

Tout Gérant peut participer a une réunion du Conseil par conférence
téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de communication
similaire grâce auquel (i) tous les Gérants participant a la réunion peuvent être
identifiés, (ii) toutes les personnes participant a la réunion peuvent s’entendre
et se parler, (iii) la réunion est retransmise en direct et en continu et (iv) les
Gérants peuvent valablement délibérer. La participation a une réunion par un
tel moyen de communication équivaudra a une participation en personne a la
réunion.

Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si au moins la majorité
de ses membres, incluant au minimum un (1) Gérant de classe A et un (1)
Gérant de classe B, sont présents et / ou représentés. Un Gérant peut
représenter plus d’un de ses collègues, à condition qu’au moins deux (2)
Gérants soient présents à la réunion, en ce compris par un moyen de
communication autorisé par les Statuts et la Loi sur les Sociétés. Les

20


décisions sont prises a la majorité des Gérants, incluant au minimum un (1)
Gérant de classe A et un (1) Gérant de classe B, présents et/ou représentés.

En cas de parité des votes, la voix du Président de la réunion sera
prépondérante.

Nonobstant ce qui précède, la/les résolution(s) du Conseil peuvent également
être adoptées par écrit. De telle(s) résolution(s) doive(nt) consister en un (1)
ou plusieurs documents contenant la/les résolution(s) signée(s) par chaque
Gérant sur laquelle/lesquelles une signature manuelle ou électronique est
inscrite. La date de cette/ces résolution(s) sera la date de la dernière
signature.

L’article 15 ne s’applique pas dans l’éventualité où la Société est dirigée par
un Gérant Unique.

Article 16 - Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil

Les résolutions prises par le Gérant Unique doivent être documentées dans
un procès-verbal écrit signé par lui / elle et maintenu au siége social de la
Société.

Pour toute réunion du Conseil, les procès-verbaux sont signés soit par le
Président, si il y en a un, soit, le cas échant, par le membre du Conseil qui en

aura assumé la présidence ou encore par tous les Gérants présents à la
réunion.

Les copies ou extraits desdits procès-verbaux destinés à servir en justice ou
ailleurs sont signés par le Président, si il y en a une, soit par deux (2) Gérants,
incluant au minimum un (1) Gérant de classe A et un (1) Gérant de classe B,
soit, le cas échéant, par le Gérant Unique.

Article 17 - Pouvoirs du Conseil/Gérant Unigue

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, est investi des pouvoirs les
plus étendus pour gérer les affaires de la Société et pour autoriser et / ou
exécuter ou faire exécuter tous les actes de disposition et d’administration
entrant dans l’objet social de la Société.

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l’Assemblée Générale parla
Loi sur les Sociétés ou par les présents Statuts sont de la compétence du
Conseil ou, le cas échéant du Gérant Unique.

Article 18 - Délégation de pouvoirs

Le Conseil peut nommer un délégué à la gestion journalière, Associé ou non,
Gérant ou non, qui aura les pleins pouvoirs pour agir au nom de la Société
pour tout ce qui relève de sa gestion journalière et de ses affaires.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, est également autorisé à
nommer une personne, Gérant ou non, pour l’exécution de missions
spécifiques au sein de la Société.

Article 19 - Signatures autorisées

La Société est uniquement engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes
circonstances par (i) la signature de deux (2) Gérants, incluant au minimum

21


un (1) Gérant de classe A et un (1) Gérant de classe B, ou le cas échéant, (ii)
parla signature du Gérant Unique,.

La Société est également engagée par la signature unique ou conjointe de
toute(s) personne(s) a qui de tels pouvoirs de signature auront été délégués
par le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique, et ce dans |es limites de
ces pouvoirs. Le cas échéant, la Société sera engagée parla signature de la
personne nommée à sa gestion journalière conformément au premier
paragraphe de l’article 18 ci-dessus, et seulement dans |es limites de cette
fonction.

Article 20 - Responsabilité du (des) gérantls)

Les Gérants, en raison de leurs fonctions, ne contractent aucune obligation
personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par eux
individuellement ou collectivement au nom de la Société dans la mesure où
ces engagements sont conformes aux présents Statuts et a la Loi sur les
Sociétés. ||s sont uniquement des agents autorisés et ne sont donc
responsables que de l’exécution de leur mandat.

Dans la mesure la plus étendues par la loi applicable, la Société doit
indemniser et protéger de toute responsabilités chacun des Gérants de et
contre toutes revendications et frais qui pourraient être imposés, réclamés ou
tenus en compte dudit Gérant a tout moment liés a ou née des activités de ce
Gérant agissant pour le compte de la Société, pour autant qu’aucun Gérant
n’ai droit a une indemnité suivant le présent article dans la mesure où cette
revendication et ces frais résulteraient d’actions ou d’omissions de ce Gérant
constituant une faute, un dol, un irrespect intentionnel ou inqualifiable de ses
obligations légales et devoirs envers la Société, une fraude ou la commission
d’une infraction pénale jugée par un tribunal compétent en dernier ressort,
sans possibilité d’appel.

Article 21 - Surveillance

Lorsque et tant que le nombre des Associés dépasse soixante (60), |es
opérations de la Société sont surveillées par un ou plusieurs commissaires
aux comptes. L’Assemblée Générale nomme le(s) commissaire(s) aux
comptes et détermine la durée de leur mandat.

Tout commissaire aux comptes peut être révoqué, a tout moment, sans
préavis et avec ou sans motif par l’Assemblée Générale.

Le commissaire aux comptes dispose d'un droit illimité de surveillance et de
contrôle permanent de toutes les opérations de la Société.

Conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre 2002 relative au registre
du commerce et des sociétés et aux comptes annuels des entreprises, telle
que modifiée, les Associés de la Société peuvent nommer un ou plusieurs
réviseurs d'entreprises agréé(s), ce qui implique que l'institution du ou des
commissaire(s) aux comptes soit supprimée.

Un réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne peut etre révoqué par I'Assemblée
Générale que par un juste motif ou qu’avec son accord.

Article 22 - Exercice social

22


L’exercice social de la Société commence Ie premier (1 er) jour suivant du mois
de janvier de chaque année et se termine Ie trente-et-unième (31ème) jour de
décembre de chaque année.

Article 23 - Comptes annuels

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, dresse, à la ﬁn de chaque
exercice social, les comptes annuels de la Société et un inventaire dans la
forme requise parla Loi sur les Sociétés.

Chaque Associé peut inspecter l’inventaire et le bilan de la Société annuel au
siège social de la Société.

Article 24 — Affectation des bénéfices

Il est prélevé sur le bénéfice net annuel de la Société cinq pour cent (5%) qui
sont affectés à la réserve légale requise par la Loi sur les Sociétés. Ce
prélèvement cesse d’être obligatoire lorsque la réserve légale atteint dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social souscrit de la Société, conformément à l’article 6
des présents Statuts, et deviendra à nouveau obligatoire si la réserve légale
descend en dessous de dix pour cent (10%) du capital social souscrit de la
Société.

L’Assemblée Générale annuelle décide de l’affectation du solde restant du
bénéﬁce net annuel et peut procéder, à sa discrétion et dans les limites
prescrites parla Loi sur les Sociétés, à la distribution de dividendes de temps
à autre, en prenant en considération l’objet social et la politique de la Société.

Des acomptes sur dividendes peuvent être distribués à tout moment par le
Conseil ou, le cas échéant, par le Gérant Unique, dans les conditions prévues
par la Loi sur les Sociétés. Le montant à distribuer ne doit pas excéder les
bénéﬁces réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice social, augmenté des
bénéﬁces reportés et des réserves distribuables, déduction faite des pertes
reportées et des sommes à allouer à une réserve que la Loi sur les Sociétés
ou les présents Statuts ne permettent pas de distribuer.

Toute prime d'émission, prime d'émission assimilée ou autre réserve
distribuablé peuvent être distribuées librement aux Associés sous réserve des
dispositions de la Loi sur les Sociétés et des présents Statuts.

Article 25 - Dissolution

La Société n’est pas dissoute du fait du décès, de la suspension des droits
civiques, de l’incapacité, de la faillite, de l’insolvabilité ou de tout autre
événement similaire affectant un (1) ou plusieurs Associés.

La Société peut être dissoute à tout moment par une résolution de
l’Assemblée Générale statuant dans les conditions requises pour la
modiﬁcation des présents Statuts. En cas de dissolution de la Société, la
liquidation est effectuée par un (1) ou plusieurs liquidateurs (qui peuvent être
des personnes physiques ou morales) nommées par l’Assemblée Générale
décidant de ladite liquidation. Cette Assemblée Générale déterminera
également les pouvoirs et la rémunération du (des) liquidateur(s).

Le boni de liquidation, après réalisation des actifs et paiement des dettes, sera

23


distribué aux Associés en conformité avec les méthodes de calculs décrites
au sein de |’artic|e 24 des Statuts.

Article 26 - Droit applicable

Toutes les points qui ne sont pas réglés expressément par les présents
Statuts seront réglés conformément à la Loi sur les Sociétés eta tout accord
conclu de temps a autre par les Associés, |e cas échéant.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice social de la Société commence a la date ci-déssus
mentionnée et se termine le 31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les Statuts ayant ainsi été établis, l’Associé Fondateur, représenté tel que ci-
dessus mentionné, déclare souscrire a douze mille (12.000,-) parts sociales
représentant l’entièrété du capital social souscrit de la Société.

Toutes les parts sociales ayant été entièrement payées en numéraires par
l’Associé Fondateur de sorte qu’un montant de douze mille Euros (EUR
12.000,-) payé par l’Associé Fondateur est maintenant a |a disposition de la
Société, preuve en ayant été donnée au notaire au moyen d’un certiﬁcat de
blocage.

DECLARATIONS - DEPENSES

Le notaire a déclaré avoir vérifié que les conditions énumérées aux articles
710-5 et 710-6 de la Loi sur les Sociétés aient été remplies et en a constaté
expressément l’accomplissemént. II a en outre confirmé que ces Statuts sont
conformes aux dispositions de l’article 710-7 de la Loi sur les Sociétés.

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou chargés, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombent a |a Société en raison du présent acte, sont
estimés approximativement a la somme de mille cent euros (EUR 1.100,-).

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’Associé Unique, représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, représentant la
totalité du capital social souscrit de la Société, a pris les résolutions suivantes:

(a) Le nombre de gérants est fixé à deux (2).

(b) |a personne suivante est désignée comme gérant de classe A de la
Société pour une durée illimité :

- Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, né à Figari, France, |e 23 décembre
1949, dont l’adresse professionnelle est situé au 34, avenue des
Champs Elysées, 75008 Paris, France.

(c) la personne suivante est désignée comme gérant de classe B de la
Société pour une durée illimité :

- Mr Latif Adeothy, né à Tsévié, France, |e 27 juin 1984, dont
l’adresse professionnelle est situé au 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

24


(d) Le siège social de la Société est situé au 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le notaire, qui comprend et parle l’anglais, déclare qu’a la requête de
l’Associé Unique, le présent acte a été établi en anglais, suivi d’une version
française. A la requête de celui-ci et qu’en cas de divergence entre les
versions anglaise et française, la version anglaise prévaudra.

Dont acte, fait et passé, même date qu’en tête des présentes à Luxembourg.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire de l’Associé Fondateur, connu du notaire
par son nom, prénom usuel, état civil et demeure, ledit mandataire signe avec
le notaire le présent acte.

(signé) B. BROUSCHER, DELOSCH.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 18 septembre 2018
Relation : 1LAC/2018/29746

Reçu soixante-quinze (75.-) euros

Le Receveur, (s) : P. MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme, délivrée aux ﬁns de la publication au RESA.

Luxembourg, le 28 décembre 2018

25


Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : B230583

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.382
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Folio Financière S.à r.l.

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 94, rue du Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

RCS Luxembourg: en cours

ACTE RECTIFICATIF Me E. DELOSCH
du 19 décembre 2018 No 15.905

 

ln the year two thousand and eighteen, on the nineteenth day of
December.

Before Maître Edouard Delosch, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

There appeared:
Mr. Ben Brouscher, employee, professionally residing in Luxembourg,

acting as proxyholder of the founding shareholder of Folio Financiére
S.à r.l. (hereinafter the “Company”), a société à responsabilité limitée
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 94, rue
du Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg, not yet registered with the Luxembourg Trade
and Companies Register, incorporated pursuant to a deed of the undersigned
notary 17 September 2018, not yet published in the RESA, Recueil Electronique
des Sociétés et Associations, and registered in Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, on
18 September 2018, Relation : 1LAC/2018/29746 (the “Notarial Deed”),

by virtue of a proxy given under private seal, this proxy will remained
attached to the Notarial Deed.

The appearing person, acting in the above stated capacity, has

requested the undersigned notary to record his declarations and statements as
follows:

- that one clerical error appears in the Notarial Deed with regards to the
address of the founding shareholder and the class A manager, namely Mr. Jean
Olias De Los Ramos, which should have been 189, avenue de la Faïencerie, L-

1511 Luxembourg instead of 34, avenue des Champs Elysées, 758008 Paris
(France).


- that as a consequence it was resolved that the Notarial Deed should
be restated in its entirety, and should have read as follows:

“In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventeenth day of September,
before us, Maître Edouard DELOSCH, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duch y of Luxembourg,

There appeared:

Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, born in Figari, France, on 23 December 1949,
whose professional address is situated at 189, avenue de la Faiencerie, L-1511
Luxembourg (the “Founding Shareholder’),

here represented by Mr. Ben Brouscher, employee, with professional address in
Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy given under private seal on 4 September 2018.

Said proxy, after having been signed ne varietur by the proxyholder of the
Founding Shareholder and by the notary, will remain attached to the present
deed to be registered with it.

The proxyholder of the Founding Shareholder requested the notary to record the
incorporation of a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) whose articles of incorporation shall read as
follows:

ARTICLES OF INCORPORA TION
Article 1 — Definitions

Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall be construed as
follows:

“Articles” means these articles of incorporation of the
Company, as amended from time to time.

 

“Board” means the board of managers of the
Company, if more than one ( 1 ) Manager have
been appointed.

 

1

‘Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or
Sunday) on which commercial banks are
open for business in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

“Chairman” means, if applicable, the chairman of the
Board from time to time.

“Company” means Folio Financière S.à rl.
“Company Law” means the Law of 10 August 1915 on

commercial companies, as amended from
time to time.


I

‘General Meeting” means the general meeting of the

Shareholders.

“Managers” means the persons appointed as such by the
General Meeting and “Manager” means any
of them.

“Shareholders” means the persons registered in the

Shareholders’ register of the Company, in
application of Article 710-8 of the Company
Law, as the holders of the Shares from time
to time and “Shareholder” means any of

them.
“Shareholders Written has the meaning given to it in Article 11 of the
Resolution(s2” Articles.
“Shares” means the shares in registered form in the

 

corporate capital of the Company having a
nominal value of one ( 1) Euro (EUR 1,-) each
and “Share” means any of them.

 

“Sole Manager” means the sole manager of the Company, as
applicable.
“Sole Shareholder” means the only person registered in the

Shareholders’ register of the Company as the
only holder of the Shares from time to time, in
application of Article 710-8 of the Company
Law.

Article 2 — Name and form

The name of the Company is “Folio Financière S.à r.I.”. The Company is a
private limited liability company (société a responsabilité limitee) governed by
the present Articles, the Company Law and any other relevant legislation.

Article 3 — Corgorate obiect

The purpose of the Company is to acquire and hold a participation in Multi Polar
Ba Lux S. C.A. that is organised as a corporate partnership limited by shares
(société en commandite par actions) and incorporated under the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and to act as its general partner and statutory
manager with unlimited liability.

The Company may also hold interests, in any form whatsoever, in Luxembourg
and foreign companies and any other form of investment, acquire by purchase,
subscription or in any other manner as well as transfer by sale, exchange or
otherwise of securities of any kind and manage, control and develop its portfolio.

The Company may further guarantee, grant loans, grant security in favour of or
otherwise assist the companies in which it holds a direct or indirect participation

3


or which form part of the same group of companies as the Company.
The Company may borrow in any kind or form and issue bonds and notes.

The Company may carry out any commercial or ﬁnancial activities which it may
deem useful in the accomplishment of its purposes.

Article 4 — Duration of the Comganz

The Company is incorporated for an unlimited duration.

It may be dissolved at any time and with or without cause by a resolution of the
General Meeting adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these
Articles.

Article 5 — Registered office

The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established at Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. The registered ofﬁce may be transferred to any other
place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the Board or, as the
case may be, by a decision of the Sole Manager. For each transfer of the
registered ofﬁce to another municipality, the Sole Manager or the Board shall
have the power to proceed with any formalities by way of a notarial deed
(statement) in order to reflect this change in the Articles.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, shall further have the right
to set up branches, subsidiaries or other ofﬁces wherever deemed appropriate,
whether in or outside the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, may consider that
extraordinary political or military developments or events are imminent or have
occurred which would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered ofﬁce or with the communication between such ofﬁce and persons
abroad. In such circumstances, the registered ofﬁce may be temporarily
transferred abroad until complete cessation of these extraordinary
circumstances. These temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company which, despite the temporary transfer of its registered
ofﬁce, remains a Luxembourg company.

Article 6 — Corporate capital

The subscribed share capital of the Company is set at twelve thousand euros
(EUR 12.000,-), represented by twelve thousand (12,000.-) Shares having a
nominal value of one ( 1) Euro (EUR 1,-) each.

The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution of
the General Meeting adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these
Articles.

The Company may create classes of Shares by a resolution of the General
Meeting adopted in the manner required for amendment to these Articles.

The Company may establish a share premium account into which any premium

4


paid on any Share is to be transferred. Decisions as to the use of such share
premium account are to be taken by the General Meeting and / or the Board or,
as the case may be, the Sole Manager, subject to the provisions of the
Company Law and these Articles.

The General Meeting is authorised to acknowledge capital contributions without
the issuance of new Shares by way of a payment in cash or a payment in kind or
otherwise within the limits prescribed by Luxembourg law. A capital contribution
without the issuance of new shares shall be booked in a “capital surplus”
account (compte 115 “Apport en capitaux propres non rémunéré par des titres”)
in accordance with Luxembourg law.

The Company may repurchase or redeem its own Shares, subject to the
relevant provisions of the Company Law.

The repurchased / redeemed Shares may be cancelled by the Board or, as the
case may be, the Sole Manager, which shall then proceed with the
corresponding reduction of the share capital of the Company. In such case, the
Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, shall enact such cancellation
and corresponding reduction of the share capital of the Company before a
Luxembourg notary within the month following the decision of the cancellation
and corresponding reduction.

Article 7 — Shares
All Shares are in registered form only, fully subscribed and entirely paid up.

The Company may have one or several Shareholders, with a maximum of one
hundred (100) Shareholders. In the event that the number of Shareholders
exceeds one hundred (100) for any reason, the Company shall have a period of
one ( 1) year from the date on which such limit was exceeded to convert into
another legal form.

A Shareholders’ register will be kept at the registered ofﬁce, where it will be
available for inspection by any Shareholder. Such register shall set forth the
name of each Shareholder, his/her/its profession, his/her/its residence or elected
domicile, the number of Shares held by him/her/it, the transfer/subscription of
Shares and the dates of such transfer/subscription as well as any security rights
granted on the Shares from time to time. Each Shareholder will notify his/her/its
residence or elected domicile and any change thereof to the Company by
registered mail.

The Company may rely on the last residence or elected domicile received from a
Shareholder. Ownership of the Shares will be established by the entry in the
Shareholders’ register.

Certiﬁcates of these entries may be issued to the Shareholders and such
certiﬁcates, if any, will be signed by the Chairman, if any, or by any two (2)
Managers or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.


The Company will recognise only one ( 1 ) owner per Share. Where a Share is
held by more than one (1 ) person, the Company has the right to suspend the
exercise of all rights attached to that Share until one (1) person has been
designated as sole owner vis-a-vis the Company. The same rule applies in case
of a conﬂict related to the ownership of a Share between an usufruct holder
(usufruitier) and a bare owner (nu-propriétaire) or between a pledgor and a
pledgee.

Article 8 — Transfer of Shares
Shares are freely transferable among the Shareholders.

Except if otherwise provided by law, the transfer of Shares to third parties is
subject to the prior written consent of the Shareholders representing at least ﬁfty
percent (50%) of the Shares. The transfer of Shares to third parties by reason of
a Shareholder’s death must be approved by the Shareholders representing ﬁfty
percent (50%) of the rights owned by the surviving Shareholders.

The transfer of Shares may be effected (i) by a written declaration of transfer
recorded in the Shareholders’ register, such declaration of transfer to be dated
and executed by the transferor and the transferee or by persons holding the
suitable powers of attorney to do so, or (ii) in accordance with the provisions
applying to the transfer of claims provided for under Article 1690 of the
Luxembourg Civil Code.

As evidence of the transfer, the Company may also accept instruments of
transfer it deems sufﬁcient to evidence the consent of the transferor and the
transferee.

Article 9 — Shareholders

The Company may have a Sole Shareholder or Shareholders. If the Company
has only one (1) Shareholder, any reference to the Shareholders in these
Articles is a reference to the Sole Shareholder and the Sole Shareholder
assumes all powers conferred to the General Meeting.

Article 10 — Powers of the General Meeting

Any regularly constituted General Meeting represents the entire body of
Shareholders. It shall have the broadest powers to order, carry out or ratify acts
relating to all operations of the Company.

In these Articles, decisions made, or powers exercised, by the General Meeting
refer to decisions made, or powers exercised, by the Sole Shareholder as long
as the Company has only one (1) Shareholder. Decisions made by the Sole
Shareholder are documented by way of written minutes.

Article 11 — Annual General Meeting — other General Meetings

In accordance with the Company Law and if the number of Shareholders
exceeds sixty (60), an annual General Meeting must be held at the registered
ofﬁce of the Company or at any other place as speciﬁed in the convening notice

6


of the annual General Meeting.

Notwithstanding the above and in the absolute and ﬁnal judgment of the Board
or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, the annual General Meeting may be
held abroad if exceptional circumstances so require.

Other General Meetings are held at the time and place indicated in the
respective convening notices.

Shareholders taking part in a General Meeting by conference call, through video
conference or by any other means of communication allowing their identiﬁcation
and allowing that all persons taking part in the meeting hear one another on a
continuous basis and allowing an effective participation of all such persons in the
meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation of the quorums and
votes, subject to such means of communication being made available at the
place of the General Meeting. In such case, at least one Shareholder or its
representative shall be physically present at the registered of the Company and
the General Meeting shall be deemed held at the registered ofﬁce of the
Company.

If the number of Shareholders is sixty (60) or less and to the extent that it does
not relate to any amendments of these Articles, resolutions of the Shareholders
are adopted at a General Meeting or by way of written resolution(s)

(the “Shareholders Written Resolution(s2’9.

Where resolutions are adopted by way of Shareholders Written Resolutions,
each Shareholder must receive at his/her/its address (as it appears in the
Shareholders’ register) the text of the resolutions to be passed, which the
Shareholder must execute. Shareholders Written Resolutions must be executed
by all the Shareholders in order to be valid and binding. Once executed, they will
be valid and binding in the same way as if they had been adopted by a duly
convened and held General Meeting and will bear the date of the last signature.

The Shareholders Written Resolutions as well as the minutes of the General
Meetings shall be kept at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

Article 12 — Convening notices, guorum, powers of attorney and vote

Meetings shall be called by any Manager by convening notice addressed by
registered mail to Shareholders to their address appearing in the register of
Shareholders held by the Company at least eight (8) calendar days prior to the
date of the meeting.

The General Meeting may be held without prior written convening notice if all the
Shareholders are present and/or represented and consider themselves duly
convened and informed of the agenda of the meeting.

A Shareholder may act at any General Meeting by appointing in writing another
person, who does not need to be a Shareholder, as his/her/its proxy, whether in
original, by fax or e-mail to which a manual or electronic signature is afﬁxed.


Any Shareholder may participate in a General Meeting by conference call, video
conference or similar means of communication whereby (I) all the Shareholders
attending the General Meeting can be identiﬁed, (ii) all persons participating in
the General Meeting can hear and speak to each other, (iii) the transmission of
the General Meeting is live and ongoing and (iv) the Shareholders can properly
deliberate. Participation in a General Meeting by those means is equivalent to
presence in person at such General Meeting.

Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed by a majority of
the Shareholders representing more than one-half (1/2) of the subscribed
corporate capital of the Company. If this majority is not reached at the ﬁrst
General Meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened by registered mail to a
second General Meeting and the resolutions shall be adopted at the second
General Meeting by a majority of the votes cast, regardless of the proportion of
the subscribed corporate capital represented.

These Articles may be amended with the consent of a majority of the
Shareholders representing at least three-quarters (3/4) of the subscribed
corporate capital of the Company.

Any change in the nationality of the Company may be adopted by a majority of
three-quarters (3/4) of the subscribed corporate capital of the Company and any
increase of the Shareholders’ commitments in the Company require the
unanimous consent of the Shareholders.

Each Share entities to one ( 1) vote at General Meetings.

Article 13 — Management

The Company shall be managed by one (1 ) or more Manager(s) who do not
need to be Shareholders. If more than one (1) Manager are appointed, they
together constitute the Board and such Board will include at least one (1)
category A Manager and one ( 1) category B Manager.

Managers are appointed by the General Meeting. The General Meeting shall
also determine the number of Managers, their remuneration and the term of their
ofﬁce, if any. A Manager may be removed with or without cause and/or replaced,
at any time, by a resolution adopted by the General Meeting.

Article 14 - Conflict of Interest

No contract or other transaction between the Company and any other company
or ﬁrm shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or more of the
Managers or ofﬁcers of the Company is interested in, or is a director, associate,
ofﬁcer or employee of such other company or ﬁrm. Any director or ofﬁcer of the
Company who serves as a manager, ofﬁcer or employee of any company or ﬁrm
with which the Company shall contract or othen/vise engage in business shall
not, by reason of such afﬁliation with such other company or ﬁrm, be prevented
from considering and voting or acting upon any matters with respect to such
contract or other business.


In the event that any Manager or ofﬁcer of the Company may have in any
transaction of the Company an interest different to the interests of the Company,
such Manager or ofﬁcer shall inform the Board of the existence of such conflict
of interest and shall not consider or vote on any such transaction, and such
Manager's or ofﬁcer's interest therein shall be reported to the next succeeding
General Meeting of Shareholders.

Article 15 — Meetings of the Board

The Board may appoint a Chairman among its members and may also
designate a secretary.

The Chairman, if any, chairs all meetings of the Board. In his/her absence, the
other present and/or represented Managers will, by a simple majority vote,
appoint another Chairman pro tempore for the relevant meeting.

The secretary, who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings
of the Board, does not need to be a Manager.

The Chairman, if any, or any two (2) Managers, cal/(s) the meetings of the
Board, which shall take place at the time and place indicated in the convening
notice of the meeting.

Except in cases of emergency, the nature and circumstances of which shall be
set forth in the convening notice of the meeting of the Board, written convening
notices to a meeting of the Board shall be sent to all the Managers at least
twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date set for such meeting.

No written convening notice is required (I) if all the Managers are present and/or
represented at the meeting and consider themselves duly convened and
informed of the agenda of the meeting or (il) for any meeting held at a time and
place previously determined in a resolution adopted by the Board.

The written convening notice may be waived by written consent of each
Manager, whether in original, by fax or e-mail to which a manual or electronic
signature is afﬁxed.

Any Manager may act at any meeting of the Board by appointing in writing
another Manager as his/her/its proxy, whether in original, by fax or e-mail to
which a manual or signature is afﬁxed.

Any Manager may participate in a meeting of the Board by conference call,
video conference or similar means of communication whereby (I) all the
Managers attending the meeting can be identiﬁed, (ii) all persons participating in
the meeting can hear and speak to each other, (iii) the transmission of the
meeting is live and ongoing and (iv) the Managers can properly deliberate.
Participation in a meeting by those means is equivalent to presence in person at
such meeting.

The Board can validly deliberate and make decisions only if at least the majority
of its members, including at least one (1) category A Manager and one (1)

9


category B Manager, are present and/or represented. A Manager may represent
more than one of his/her/its colleagues, provided however that at least two (2)
Managers are present at the meeting, including via means of communication
permitted under these Articles and the Company Law. Decisions are made by
the majority of the Managers, including at least one ( 1) category A Manager and
one ( 1) category B Manager, present and/or represented.

In case of a tied vote, the Chairman, if any, shall have a casting vote.

Notwithstanding the above, resolution(s) of the Board may be passed in writing.
Such written resolution(s) shall consist of one ( 1) or more documents containing
the resolution(s) signed by each Manager, and to which a manual or electronic
signature is afﬁxed. The date of the resolution(s) will be the date of the last
signature.

Article 15 does not apply in case the Company is managed by a Sole Manager.

Article 16 — Minutes of meetings of the Board or minutes of resolutions of
the Sole Manager

Resolutions passed by the Sole Manager shall be documented in written
minutes signed by him/her/it and kept at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

For any meeting of the Board, minutes shall be signed, either by the Chairman, if
any, the member of the Board who chaired the meeting, or by all the Managers
present at the meeting.

Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in judicial
proceedings or otherwise shall be signed by the Chairman, if any, any two (2)
Managers, including at least one ( 1) category A Manager and one ( 1) category B
Manager, or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.

Article 17 — Powers of the Board/Sole Manager

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager is vested with the broadest
powers to manage the business of the Company and to authorise and/or
perform or cause to be performed all acts of disposal and administration falling
within the corporate objects of the Company.

All powers which are not expressly reserved to the General Meeting by the
Company Law or by these Articles fall within the competence of the Board or, as
the case may be, of the Sole Manager.

Article 18 — Delegation of powers

The Board may appoint a person (délégué à la gestionjournaliere), who does
not need to be a Shareholder or a Manager, and who shall have full authority to
act on behalf of the Company in all matters connected to its daily management
and affairs.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, is also authorised to
appoint a person, who does not need to be a Manager, in order to perform

10


speciﬁc functions within the Company.

Article 19 — Binding signatures

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by (I) the joint
signature of any two (2) Managers, including at least one (1) category A
Manager and one (1) category B Manager, or, as the case may be, (ii) the
signature of the Sole Manager.

The Company shall further be bound by the signature or joint signature of any
person(s) to whom the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager has
granted speciﬁc signatory powers, and only within the limits of those powers. As
the case may be, the Company will be bound by the signature of the person
entrusted with its daily management in accordance with the ﬁrst paragraph of
Article 18 above, and only within the limits of that function.

Article 20 — Liabili of the Mana er s

The Managers or the Sole Manager do not assume, by reason of his/her/its/their
position, any personal liability in relation to commitments regularly made by
him/her/it/them in the name of the Company provided such commitments comply
with these Articles and the Company Law. They are authorised agents only and
are therefore merely responsible for the execution of their mandate.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify
and hold harmless each of the Managers from and against any and all claims
and expenses which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted at any time
against such Manager related to or arising in connection with the activities of
such Manager on behalf of the Company, provided that no Manager shall be
entitled to indemniﬁcation hereunder to the extent such claims and expenses
resulted from acts or omissions of such Manager which constituted negligence,
wilful or reckless misconduct, intentional or reckless disregard of its legal
obligations and duties in relation to the Company, fraud or commission of a
criminal offence which are ascertained by a court of competent jurisdiction, with
a ﬁnal judgment not subject to any further appeal.

Article 21 — Audit

In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, the
operations of the Company shall be supervised by one or several internal
auditors (commissaire(s) aux comptes). The General Meeting shall appoint the
internal auditor(s) and shall determine their term of ofﬁce.

An internal auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and with or
without cause by the General Meeting.

The internal auditor has an unlimited right of permanent supervision and control
of all operations of the Company.

In accordance with Article 69 of the law of 19 December 2002 regarding the
trade and companies register and the accounting and annual accounts of

11


undertakings, as amended, the Shareholders of the Company may appoint one
or more independent auditors (réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)) implying that
the institution of internal auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes) is suppressed.

An independent auditor (réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)) may only be
removed by the General Meeting with cause or with its approval.

Article 22 — Accounting year

The accounting year of the Company shall begin on the ﬁrst (1 st) day of January
of each year and ends on the thirty-ﬁrst (31st) day of December of each year.

Article 23 — Annual accounts

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager draws up at the end of
every accounting year, the annual accounts of the Company and an inventory in
the form required by the Company Law.

Each Shareholder may inspect the above inventory and annual accounts at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company.

Article 24 — Allocation of profits

From the annual net proﬁts of the Company, ﬁve per cent (5%) shall be allocated
to the legal reserve in accordance with the Company Law. This allocation
ceases to be a requirement as soon as the legal reserve reaches
ten per cent (10%) of the subscribed corporate capital of the Company as
provided in Article 6 of these Articles, and becomes compulsory again as soon
as the reserve falls below ten per cent (10%) of the subscribed corporate capital
of the Company.

The annual General Meeting decides on the allocation of the remaining annual
net proﬁts and may, in its own discretion and within the limits of the Company
Law, resolve to pay dividends from time to time, taking into account the
corporate object and policy of the Company.

Interim dividends may be distributed at any time by the Board, or as the case
may be, the Sole Manager under the conditions and within the limits set forth in
the Company Law. The amount to be distributed may not exceed realised proﬁts
since the end of the last ﬁnancial year, increased by proﬁts carried fon/vard and
distributable reserves, but decreased by losses carried forward and sums to be
allocated to a reserve which the Company Law or these Articles do not allow to
be distributed.

Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable reserve may be
freely distributed to the Shareholders subject to the provisions of the Company
Law and these Articles.

Article 25 — Dissolution

The Company is not dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of civil rights,
incapacity, bankruptcy, insolvency or any similar event affecting one ( 1) or more

12


Shareholders.

The Company may at any time be dissolved by a resolution of the General
Meeting adopted in the manner required for amendment to these Articles. In the
event of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation shall be carried out by
one ( 1) or more liquidators (whether physical or legal person(s)) appointed by
the General Meeting deciding such liquidation. The General Meeting will also
determine the powers and remuneration of the liquidator(s).

The surplus remaining after realisation of the assets and payment of the debts
will be distributed to all the Shareholders in accordance with the method of
calculation provided under Article 24 of the Articles.

Article 26 — Applicable law

All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be determined in
accordance with the Company Law and any agreement entered into from time to
time by the Shareholders, if any.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISION

The ﬁrst accounting year begins on the date hereof and ends on 31 December
2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The Articles having thus been established, the Founding Shareholder,
represented as described above, declared that he/she subscribes for twelve

thousand (12. 000,-) shares representing the total subscribed corporate capital of
the Company.

All these shares have been fully paid up by the Founding Shareholder by a
payment in cash, so that the amount of twelve thousand euros (EUR 12.000, -)
paid by the Founding Shareholder is from now on at the disposal of the
Company, evidence of which has been given to the notary by means of a
blocking certiﬁcate (certiﬁcat de blocage).

STATEMENT - COSTS

The notary declared that the conditions prescribed by Articles 710-5 and 710-6
of the Company Law have been fulﬁlled and expressly bore witness to their
fulﬁlment. Further, the notary executing this deed conﬁrmed that these Articles
also comply with the provisions of Article 710-7 of the Company Law.

The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form whatsoever, which
shall be borne by the Company as a result of the present deed, are estimated at
approximately one thousand one hundred Euro (EUR 1,100.-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The Founding Shareholder, represented as described above, representing the
total subscribed corporate capital of the Company, took the following resolutions:

13


- the number of managers of the Company is set at two (2);

- the following person is appointed as category A manager of the
Company for an undetermined period:

- Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, born in Figari, France, on 23
December 1949, whose professional address is situated at 189,
avenue dela Faiencerie, L-1511 Luxembourg.

- the following person is appointed as category B manager of the
Company for an undetermined period:

- Mr LatifAdeothy, born in Tsévié, France, on 27 June 1984, with
professional address at 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg,
Grand Duch y of Luxembourg.

- the address of the registered ofﬁce of the Company is set at 94 rue du
Kiem, L-1 85 7 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The notary, who understands and speaks English, declared that at the request
of the Founding Shareholder, the present deed is worded in English followed by
a French version. At the request of said party and in case of discrepancy
between the English and the French versions, the English version shall prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
named at the beginning of this deed.

This deed having been read to the proxyholder of the Founding Shareholder,
who is known to the notary by his/her surname, ﬁrst name, civil status and
residence, said proxyholder, together with the notary, signed the present deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-septième jour de septembre, devant nous, Maître
Edouard DELOSCH, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg,

A Comparu :

Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, né a Figari, France, Ie 23 décembre 1949, dont
I’adresse professionnelle est situé a 189, avenue de la Faiencerie, L-1511
Luxembourg (I’ « Associé Fondateur »),

dûment représenté par Monsieur Ben Brouscher, employé, demeurant
professionnellement à Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration sous seing
privée daté du 4 septembre 2018.

La procuration, après avoir été signée ne varietur par le mandataire de l’Associé
Fondateur et le notaire, restera annexée au présent acte aux ﬁns de
l'enregistrement.

Le mandataire de l’Associé Fondateur a requis le notaire d’acter la constitution
d’une société à responsabilité limitée dont les statuts se lisent comme suit :

14


Article 1 — Définitions

8 TA TU T8

A moins que le contexte ne l’indique autrement, les termes suivants auront la

signiﬁcation suivante:

“Assemblée
Générale ”

“Associés”

t

‘Associé Unigue”

“Conseil”

 

“Gérants”

 

“Jour Ouvrable”

„

“Loi sur les Sociétés

“Parts Sociales”

“Président”

“Résolutions Ecrites
des Associés”

“Société ”

 

“Statuts”

 

signiﬁe l’assemblée générale des Associés.

signiﬁe les personnes inscrites dans le registre des
Associés de la Société, conformément à l’article 710—8
de la Loi sur les Sociétés, en tant que détenteurs de
Parts Sociales de temps à autre et « Associé » signiﬁe
n’importe lequel d’entre eux.

 

signiﬁe la seule personne inscrite dans le registre des
Associés de la Société en tant que seul détenteur des
Parts Sociales de temps à autre, conformément à
l’article 710-8 de la Loi sur les Sociétés.

signiﬁe le conseil de gérance de la Société, si plus d’un
( 1 ) Gérant a été nommé.

signiﬁe les personnes nommées en cette qualité par
l’Assemblée Générale et « Gérant » signiﬁe n’importe
lequel d’entre eux.

 

signiﬁe tout jour (autre qu’un samedi ou dimanche)
durant lequel les banques sont ouvertes au public au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

signiﬁe la Loi du 10 aout 1915 sur les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modiﬁée de temps à autre.

signiﬁe les parts sociales nominatives dans le capital
social de la Société ayant une valeur nominale de un
( 1 ) Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune et « Part Sociale » signiﬁe
n’importe laquelle d’entre elles.

signiﬁe, dans la mesure applicable, le président du
Conseil de temps à autre.

à la signiﬁcation donnée à ce terme à l’article 11 des
Statuts.

signiﬁe Folio Financière S.à rl.

signiﬁe les présents statuts de la Société tels que
modiﬁés de temps à autre.

Article 2 - Dénomination et forme

La dénomination de la Société est “Folio Financière S.à r.l.”. La Société est une

15


société à responsabilité limitée régie par les présents Statuts, la Loi sur les
Sociétés et la législation applicable.

Article 3 - Obiet social

L’objet de la Société est l’acquisition et la détention d’une participation dans
Multi Polar Ba Lux S.C.A., étant constituée sous la forme d’une société en
commandite par actions et constituée suivant les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, et d’agir en qualité d’actionnaire commandité et d’administrateur
statutaire avec un responsabilité illimitée.

La Société peut également détenir des participations, sous quelque forme que
ce soit, dans les sociétés luxembourgeoises ou étrangères et toutes autres
formes de placements, l’acquisition par achat, souscription ou de toute autre
manière ainsi que l’aliénation parla vente, l’échange ou de toute autre manière
de valeurs mobilières de toutes espèces et la gestion, le contrôle et le
développement de ces participations.

La Société peut en outre se porter garant, accorder des prêts, accorder des
garanties à, ou assister de toute autre manière, toute société dans laquelle elle
détient une participation directe ou indirecte, ou qui fait partie du même groupe
de sociétés que la Société.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit et procéder à
l’émission d’obligations et de billets à ordre.

La Société peut procéder à toutes activités commerciales ou ﬁnancières qu’elle
considère utiles à I ’accomplissement de son objet social.

Article 4 - Durée de la société
La Société est constituée pour une durée indéterminée.

La Société peut ètre dissoute à tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une
résolution de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises pour
la modiﬁcation des présents Statuts.

Article 5 - Siège social

Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Le siège social peut être transféré vers tout autre lieu du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution du Conseil ou, le cas échéant, par
décision du Gérant Unique. Pour chaque transfert vers une autre commune, le
Gérant Unique ou le Conseil aura le pouvoir de procéder à toutes formalités par
voie d’acte notarié (constat) aﬁn de reﬂéter ce changement dans les Statuts.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique a également le droit de créer
des succursales, des ﬁliales ou d'autres bureaux en tous lieux qu’il juge
appropriés, tant au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu’à l'étranger.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique peut considérer que des
événements ou développements extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou militaire de

16


nature a compromettre I'activité normale de la Société à son siège social, ou la
communication entre ce siège social et des personnes à l’étranger se sont
produits ou sont imminents. Dans de telles circonstances, le siège social peut
être transféré temporairement à I'étrangerjusqu'à la cessation complète de ces
circonstances extraordinaires. Ces mesures temporaires sont sans effet sur la
nationalité de la Société qui, en dépit du transfert temporaire de son siège
social, reste une société luxembourgeoise.

Article 6 - Capital social

Le capital social souscrit de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille Euros (EUR
12.000,-), représenté par douze mille (12. 000,-) Parts Sociales ayant une valeur
nominale d’un ( 1 ) Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

Le capital social souscrit de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
résolution de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises pour
la modiﬁcation des présents Statuts.

La Société peut créer différentes catégories de Parts Sociales par une résolution
de l’Assemblée Générale adoptée dans les conditions requises pour la
modiﬁcation des présents Statuts.

La Société peut établir un compte prime d'émission sur lequel sera transféré
toute prime d’émission payée sur toute Part Sociale. Les décisions relatives à
l'utilisation dudit compte prime d'émission sont prises par l'Assemblée Générale
et/ou le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique, sous réserve des
dispositions dela Loi sur les Sociétés et des présents Statuts.

L’Assemblée Générale est autorisée à reconnaitre des apports au capital sans
émission de nouvelles Parts Sociales, soit en numéraire, soit en nature, soit
autrement dans les limites prévues par le droit luxembourgeois. Un apport au
capital sans émission de nouvelles Parts Sociales doit être enregistré au sein
d’un compte de “réserve spéciale” (compte 115 “Apport en capitaux propres non
rémunéré par des titres ’9 en conformité avec le droit luxembourgeois.

La Société peut racheter ses propres Parts Sociales, sous réserve des
dispositions pertinentes dela Loi sur les Sociétés.

Les Parts Sociales rachetées peuvent être annulées par le Conseil ou, le cas
échéant, par le Gérant Unique qui procède alors à la réduction correspondante
du capital social de la Société. Dans ce cas, le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le
Gérant Unique procédera à l'annulation et à la réduction correspondante du
capital social de la Société devant un notaire luxembourgeois dans le mois
suivant la décision d'annulation et de réduction correspondante.

Article 7 - Parts Sociales

Toutes les Parts Sociales sont nominatives, entièrement souscrites et
intégralement libérées.

La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs Associés, avec un maximum de cent (100)

17


Associés. Dans I’éventualité où le nombre d’Associés dépasserait cent (100)
pour quelque raisons que ce soit, la Société aura un délai d’un ( 1 ) an à compter
de la date à partir de laquelle la limite susmentionnée a été dépassée pour se
convertir sous une autre forme légale.

Un registre des Associés est tenu au siège social de la Société, où il pourra être
consulté par tout Associé. Ce registre contient le nom de chaque Associé, sa
profession, sa résidence ou son domicile élu, le nombre de Parts Sociales qu’il /
elle détient, les montants libérés pour chacune de ses Parts Sociales, ainsi que
la mention des cessions / souscriptions de Parts Sociales et les dates de ces
cessions / souscriptions ainsi que toutes suretés accordées sur les Parts
Sociales de temps à autre. Chaque Associé notiﬁera son adresse ainsi que tout
changement d’adresse ultérieur a la Société par lettre recommandée.

La Société peut considérer comme exacte la dernière adresse d’un Associé
qu’elle a reçue. La propriété des Parts Sociales est établie par l’inscription dans
le registre des Associés.

Des certiﬁcats constatant ces inscriptions peuvent être délivrés aux Associés et
ces certiﬁcats, le cas échéant, seront signés par le Président, si il y en a un, ou
par deux (2) Gérants, ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique.

La Société ne reconnait qu’un ( 1 ) seul propriétaire par Part Sociale. Dans le cas
où une Part Sociale appartiendrait à plus d’une ( 1 ) personnes, la Société aura le
droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous droits attachés à cette Part Sociale
jusqu’au moment où une ( 1 ) personne aura été désignée comme propriétaire
unique vis-à-vis de la Société. La même règle s’applique en cas de conflit ayant
trait à la propriété d’une Part Sociale entre un usufruitier et un nu-propriétaire ou
entre un créancier et un débiteur gagiste.

Article 8 - Cession de Parts Sociales
Les Parts Sociales sont librement cessibles entre Associés.

À moins que la loi ne le prévoie autrement, la cession de Parts Sociales à des
tiers est soumise à l’accord écrit préalable des Associés représentant au moins
cinquante pourcents (50%) des Parts Sociales. La cession de Parts Sociales à
des tiers en raison du décès d’un Associé doit être approuvée par les Associés
représentant cinquante pourcents (50%) des droits détenus par les survivants.

La cession de Parts Sociales peut s’effectuer (1) par une déclaration écrite de
cession inscrite dans le registre des Associés, cette déclaration de cession
devant être datée et signée par le cédant et le cessionnaire ou par des
personnes détenant les pouvoirs de représentation nécessaires pour agir à cet
effet, ou (ii) conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du code civil
luxembourgeois relatives àla cession de créances.

La Société peut également accepter comme preuve de cession d’autres
instruments de cession prouvant le consentement du cédant et du cessionnaire
et jugés sufﬁsants parla Société.

18


Article 9 - Associés

La Société peut avoir un Associé Unique ou plusieurs Associés, avec un
maximum de cent (100) Associés. Si la Société n’a qu’un ( 1 ) seul Associé, toute
référence aux Associés dans les présents Statuts est une référence à l’Associé
Unique et l’Associé Unique détient tous les pouvoirs conférés à l’Assemblée
Générale.

Article 10 - Pouvoirs de l’assemblée générale

Toute Assemblée Générale régulièrement constituée représente tous les
Associés. Elle a les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour ordonner, procéder ou ratiﬁer
les actes relatifs à toutes les opérations dela Société.

Dans les présents Statuts, toutes références aux décisions prises ou aux
pouvoirs exercés par l’Assemblée Générale est également une référence aux
décisions prises ou aux pouvoirs exercés par l’Associé Unique aussi longtemps
que la Société n’a qu’un (1) seul Associé. Les décisions prises par l’Associé
Unique sont consignées par voie de procès-verbaux écrits.

Article 11 — Assemblée générale annuelle - autres assemblées générales

Conformément à la Loi sur les Sociétés et si le nombre des Associés dépasse
soixante (60), une Assemblée Générale annuelle doit se tenir au siège social de
la Société ou à tout autre endroit tel qu’indiqué dans la convocation à
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.

Nonobstant ce qui précède et à la discrétion absolue et ﬁnale du Conseil ou, le
cas échéant, du Gérant Unique, l’Assemblée Générale annuelle peut se tenir à
l’étranger si des circonstances exceptionnelles le requièrent.

Les autres Assemblées Générales se tiennent aux heures et lieux tels
qu’indiqués dans les convocations y relatives.

Les Associés participant à une Assemblée Générale par conférence
téléphonique, par vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
permettant leur identiﬁcation et permettant que toutes les personnes participant
à l'assemblée s'entendent en permanence et permettant une participation
effective de toutes ces personnes à l'assemblée, sont réputés présents pour le
calcul des quorums et des voix, sous réserve que ces moyens de
communication soient mis à disposition au lieu de l'Assemblée Générale. Dans
ce cas, au moins un Associé ou son représentant est physiquement présent au
siège social de la Société et l'Assemblée Générale est réputée tenue au siège
social de la Société.

Si le nombre des Associes est inférieur ou égal à soixante (60) et dans la
mesure où cela ne relève pas d’une modiﬁcation aux présents Statuts, les
résolutions des Associés sont adoptées par l’Assemblée Générale ou par voie
de résolutions écrites (les “Résolutions Ecrites des Associés’ÿ.

Lorsque des résolutions sont adoptées par voie de Résolutions Ecrites des

19


Associés, chaque Associé doit recevoir à son adresse (telle qu’elle apparait sur
le registre des Associés) le texte des résolutions à passer, qu’il / elle devra
signer. Les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés doivent être signées par tous les
Associés pour être valides et engager la Société. Une fois signées, elles seront
valides et engageront la Société de la même manière que si elles avaient été
adoptées par une Assemblée Générale dument convoquée et tenue et porteront
la date dela dernière signature.

Les Résolutions Ecrites des Associés de même que les procès-verbaux des
Assemblées Générales seront conservés au siège social dela Société.

Article 12 - Avis de convocation, quorum, grocurations et vote

Les assemblées sont convoquées par tout Gérant par avis de convocation écrits
envoyées par lettre recommandée et au moins huit (8) jours calendaires avant la
date de l’Assemblée Générale à chaque Associe à l’adresse ﬁgurant dans le
registre des Associés tenu parla Société.

Une Assemblée Générale peut être tenue sans convocation écrite préalable si
tous les Associés sont présents et / ou représentés et se considèrent dûment
convoqués et informés de l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée.

Tout Associé peut prendre part à toute Assemblée Générale en désignant par
écrit une autre personne, Associé ou non, comme son mandataire, soit en
original, soit par fax ou par un courriel muni d’une signature manuelle ou
électronique.

Tout Associé peut participer à une Assemblée Générale par conférence
téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire
grâce auquel (1) tous les Associes participant à l’Assemblée Générale peuvent
être identiﬁés, (il) toutes les personnes participant à l’Assemblée Générale
peuvent s’entendre et se parler, (iii) l’Assemblée Générale est retransmise en
direct et en continu et (iv) les Associés peuvent valablement délibérer. La
participation à une Assemblée Générale par un tel moyen de communication
équivaudra à une participation en personne à l’Assemblée Générale.

Les résolutions devant être adoptées en Assemblées Générales sont prises par
les Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social souscrit de la
Société. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte lors de la première Assemblée
Générale, les Associés seront convoqués par lettre recommandée à une
seconde Assemblée Générale et les résolutions seront adoptées lors de la
seconde Assemblée Générale à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans tenir
compte dela proportion du capital social souscrit de la Société représentée.

Les présents Statuts peuvent être modiﬁés avec le consentement d’une majorité
des Associés représentant au moins les trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social
souscrit de la Société.

Tout changement de la nationalité de la Société peut être adopté à la majorité
des trois quarts (3/4) au moins du capital social souscrit de la Société et toute

20


augmentation des engagements des Associés dans la Société requière l’accord
unanime des Associés.

Chaque Part Sociale donne droit à une ( 1 ) voix aux Assemblées Générales.
Article 13 — Gérance

La Société est gérée par un (1) ou plusieurs Gérant(s), qui ne doivent pas
nécessairement être Associés. Si plus d’un ( 1) Gérant est nommé, ils
constituent le Conseil et ce Conseil inclura au minimum un ( 1 ) Gérant de classe
A et un ( 1 ) Gérant de classe B.

L’Assemblée Générale nomme les Gérants. De plus, l’Assemblée Générale
détermine leur nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat, le cas
échéant. Un Gérant peut être révoqué avec ou sans motif et / ou remplacé, à
tout moment, par une résolution adoptée parl’Assemblée Générale.

Article 14 — Conflit d’intérêt

Aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et toute autre société ou
entreprise ne sera affecté ou invalidé par le fait qu'un ou plusieurs Gérants ou
dirigeants de la Société sont intéressés par, ou sont administrateurs, associés,
dirigeants ou employés de cette autre société ou entreprise. Tout Gérant ou
dirigeant de la Société qui serait gérant, dirigeant ou employé de toute autre
société ou entreprise avec laquelle la Société contracte ou fait affaire ne sera
pas, en raison de son afﬁliation avec cette autre société ou entreprise, empêché
d'examiner et de voter ou d'agir sur les points en rapport avec ces contrats ou
autres affaires.

Dans le cas où un Gérant ou un dirigeant de la Société aurait, à l’occasion d’une
opération de la Société, un intérêt différent de celui de la Société, ledit Gérant
ou dirigeant devra informer le Conseil de l'existence d'un tel conﬂit d'intérêt et ne
pourra pas délibérer ou prendre part au vote sur une telle transaction, et ledit
intérêt de ce Gérant ou dirigeant à l’égard de ladite transaction devra être
rapporté àla prochaine Assemblée Générale des Associés.

Article 15 - Réunions du conseil

Le Conseil peut nommer un Président parmi ses membres et peut également
désigner un secrétaire.

Le Président, le cas échéant, préside toutes les réunions du Conseil. En son
absence, les autres Gérants présents et / ou représentés nommeront, par un
vote à la majorité simple, un autre Président pro tempore pour la réunion en
question.

Le secrétaire, qui ne doit pas forcément être Gérant, sera en charge de la tenue
des procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil.

Le Président ou, le cas échéant, deux (2) Gérants convoquent les réunions du
Conseil, qui se tiennent aux heures et lieu indiqués dans la convocation à cette
réunion.

21


Sauf en cas d’urgence, dont la nature et les motifs seront mentionnés dans la
convocation à la réunion du Conseil, les convocations écrites à toute réunion du
Conseil sont envoyées à tous les Gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures
avant la date prévue pour la réunion.

Une réunion du Conseil peut être tenue sans convocation écrite préalable (1) si
tous les Gérants sont présents et/ou représentés à la réunion et se considèrent
dûment convoqués et informés de son ordre du jour ou (il) pour une réunion se
tenant aux heures et lieu préalablement déterminés dans une résolution adoptée
par le Conseil.

Chaque Gérant peut renoncer àla convocation écrite par un accord écrit, soit en
original, soit par fax ou par un courriel muni d’une signature manuelle ou
électronique.

Tout Gérant peut prendre part à une réunion du Conseil en désignant par écrit
un autre Gérant comme son mandataire, soit en original, soit par fax ou par un
courriel muni d ’une signature manuelle ou électronique.

Tout Gérant peut participer à une réunion du Conseil par conférence
téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire
grâce auquel (i) tous les Gérants participant à la réunion peuvent être identiﬁés,
(il) toutes les personnes participant à la réunion peuvent s’entendre et se parler,
(iii) la réunion est retransmise en direct et en continu et (iv) les Gérants peuvent
valablement délibérer. La participation à une réunion par un tel moyen de
communication équivaudra à une participation en personne à la réunion.

Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si au moins la majorité de
ses membres, incluant au minimum un ( 1 ) Gérant de classe A et un ( 1 ) Gérant
de classe B, sont présents et /ou représentés. Un Gérant peut représenter plus
d’un de ses collégues, à condition qu’au moins deux (2) Gérants soient présents
à la réunion, en ce compris par un moyen de communication autorisé par les
Statuts et la Loi sur les Sociétés. Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des
Gérants, incluant au minimum un (1 ) Gérant de classe A et un (1 ) Gérant de
classe B, présents et / ou représentés.

En cas de parité des votes, la voix du Président de la réunion sera
prépondérante.

Nonobstant ce qui précède, la/les résolution(s) du Conseil peuvent également
être adoptées par écrit. De telle(s) résolution(s) doive(nt) consister en un ( 1 ) ou
plusieurs documents contenant la/les résolution(s) signée(s) par chaque Gérant
sur laquelle/lesquelles une signature manuelle ou électronique est inscrite. La
date de cette/ces résolution(s) sera la date dela dernière signature.

L’article 15 ne s’applique pas dans l’éventualité où la Société est dirigée par un
Gérant Unique.

Article 16 - Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil

22


Les résolutions prises par le Gérant Unique doivent être documentées dans un
procès-verbal écrit signé par lui / elle et maintenu au siège social dela Société.

Pour toute réunion du Conseil, les procès-verbaux sont signés soit par le
Président, si il y en a un, soit, le cas échant, par le membre du Conseil qui en
aura assumé la présidence ou encore par tous les Gérants présents à la

réunion.

Les copies ou extraits desdits procès-verbaux destinés à servir en justice ou
ailleurs sont signés par le Président, si il y en a une, soit par deux (2) Gérants,
incluant au minimum un ( 1 ) Gérant de classe A et un (1 ) Gérant de classe B,
soit, le cas échéant, par le Gérant Unique.

Article 17 - Pouvoirs du Conseil/Gérant Unique

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, est investi des pouvoirs les plus
étendus pour gérer les affaires de la Société et pour autoriser et / ou exécuter
ou faire exécuter tous les actes de disposition et d’administration entrant dans

l’objet social dela Société.

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l’Assemblée Générale par la
Loi sur les Sociétés ou par les présents Statuts sont de la compétence du
Conseil ou, le cas échéant du Gérant Unique.

Article 18 - Délégation de pouvoirs

Le Conseil peut nommer un délégué à la gestion journalière, Associé ou non,
Gérant ou non, qui aura les pleins pouvoirs pour agir au nom de la Société pour
tout ce qui relève de sa gestion journalière et de ses affaires.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, est également autorisé à
nommer une personne, Gérant ou non, pour l’exécution de missions spéciﬁques

au sein dela Société.

Article 19 - Signatures autorisées

La Société est uniquement engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances
par (D la signature de deux (2) Gérants, incluant au minimum un (1 ) Gérant de
classe A et un ( 1 ) Gérant de classe B, ou le cas échéant, (il) parla signature du
Gérant Unique,.

La Société est également engagée par la signature unique ou conjointe de
toute(s) personne(s) à qui de tels pouvoirs de signature auront été délégués par
le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique, et ce dans les limites de ces
pouvoirs. Le cas échéant, la Société sera engagée par la signature de la
personne nommée à sa gestion journalière conformément au premier
paragraphe de l’article 18 ci-dessus, et seulement dans les limites de cette

fonction.

Article 20 - Responsabilité du (des) gérant(sz

Les Gérants, en raison de leurs fonctions, ne contractent aucune obligation

23


personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par eux
individuellement ou collectivement au nom de la Société dans la mesure où ces
engagements sont conformes aux présents Statuts et à la Loi sur les Sociétés.
Ils sont uniquement des agents autorisés et ne sont donc responsables que de
l’exécution de leur mandat.

Dans la mesure la plus étendues parla loi applicable, la Société doit indemniser
et protéger de toute responsabilités chacun des Gérants de et contre toutes
revendications et frais qui pourraient être imposés, réclamés ou tenus en
compte dudit Gérant à tout moment liés à ou nés des activités de ce Gérant
agissant pour le compte de la Société, pour autant qu’aucun Gérant n’ai droit à
une indemnité suivant le présent article dans la mesure où cette revendication et
ces frais résulteraient d’actions ou d’omissions de ce Gérant constituant une
faute, un dol, un irrespect intentionnel ou inqualiﬁable de ses obligations légales
et devoirs envers la Société, une fraude ou la commission d’une infraction
pénale jugée par un tribunal compétent en dernier ressort, sans possibilité
d’appel.

Article 21 - Surveillance

Lorsque et tant que le nombre des Associés dépasse soixante (60), les
opérations de la Société sont surveillées par un ou plusieurs commissaires aux
comptes. L’Assemblée Générale nomme le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes et
détermine la durée de leur mandat.

Tout commissaire aux comptes peut être révoqué, à tout moment, sans préavis
et avec ou sans motif par l’Assemblée Générale.

Le commissaire aux comptes dispose d'un droit illimité de surveillance et de
contrôle permanent de toutes les opérations de la Société.

Conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre 2002 relative au registre
du commerce et des sociétés et aux comptes annuels des entreprises, telle que
modiﬁée, les Associés de la Société peuvent nommer un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréé(s), ce qui implique que l'institution du ou des commissaire(s)
aux comptes soit supprimée.

Un réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne peut être révoqué par l'Assemblée Générale
que par un juste motif ou qu’avec son accord.

Article 22 - Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier (19’) jour suivant du mois
de janvier de chaque année et se termine le trente-et-unième (31ème) jour de
décembre de chaque année.

Article 23 - Comptes annuels

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant le Gérant Unique, dresse, à la ﬁn de chaque
exercice social, les comptes annuels de la Société et un inventaire dans la
forme requise parla Loi sur les Sociétés.

24


Chaque Associé peut inspecter I’inventaire et le bilan de la Société annuel au
siège social dela Société.

Article 24 — Affectation des bénéfices

Il est prélevé sur le bénéﬁce net annuel de la Société cinq pour cent (5%) qui
sont affectés à la réserve légale requise par la Loi sur les Sociétés. Ce
prélèvement cesse d’être obligatoire lorsque la réserve légale atteint dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social souscrit de la Société, conformément à l’article 6
des présents Statuts, et deviendra à nouveau obligatoire si la réserve légale
descend en dessous de dix pour cent (10%) du capital social souscrit de la
Société.

L’Assemblée Générale annuelle décide de l’affectation du solde restant du
bénéﬁce net annuel et peut procéder, à sa discrétion et dans les limites

prescrites parla Loi sur les Sociétés, à la distribution de dividendes de temps à
autre, en prenant en considération l’objet social et la politique dela Société.

Des acomptes sur dividendes peuvent être distribués à tout moment par le
Conseil ou, le cas échéant, par le Gérant Unique, dans les conditions prévues
parla Loi sur les Sociétés. Le montant à distribuer ne doit pas excéder les
bénéﬁces réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice social, augmenté des
bénéﬁces reportés et des réserves distribuables, déduction faite des pertes
reportées et des sommes à allouer à une réserve que la Loi sur les Sociétés ou
les présents Statuts ne permettent pas de distribuer.

Toute prime d'émission, prime d'émission assimilée ou autre réserve
distribuable peuvent être distribuées librement aux Associés sous réserve des
dispositions dela Loi sur les Sociétés et des présents Statuts.

Article 25 - Dissolution

La Société n’est pas dissoute du fait du décès, de la suspension des droits
civiques, de l’incapacité, de la faillite, de l’insolvabilité ou de tout autre
événement similaire affectant un ( 1 ) ou plusieurs Associés.

La Société peut être dissoute à tout moment par une résolution de l’Assemblée
Générale statuant dans les conditions requises pour la modiﬁcation des
présents Statuts. En cas de dissolution dela Société, la liquidation est effectuée
par un ( 1 ) ou plusieurs quuidateurs (qui peuvent être des personnes physiques
ou morales) nommées par l’Assemblée Générale décidant de ladite liquidation.
Cette Assemblée Générale déterminera également les pouvoirs et la
rémunération du (des) liquidateur(s).

Le boni de liquidation, après réalisation des actifs et paiement des dettes, sera
distribué aux Associés en conformité avec les méthodes de calculs décrites au
sein de l’article 24 des Statuts.

Article 26 - Droit applicable

Toutes les points qui ne sont pas réglés expressément par les présents Statuts

25


seront réglés conformément a la Loi sur les Sociétés eta tout accord conclu de
temps à autre par les Associés, le cas échéant.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice social de la Société commence a la date ci-dessus
mentionnée et se termine le 31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les Statuts ayant ainsi été établis, l’Associé Fondateur, représenté tel que ci-
dessus mentionné, déclare souscrire à douze mille (12. 000,-) parts sociales
représentant I’entièreté du capital social souscrit de la Société.

Toutes les parts sociales ayant été entièrement payées en numéraires par
l’Associé Fondateur de sorte qu’un montant de douze mille Euros (EUR 12.000,-
) payé par l’Associé Fondateur est maintenant a la disposition de la Société,
preuve en ayant été donnée au notaire au moyen d’un certiﬁcat de blocage.

DECLARA TIONS - DEPENSES

Le notaire a déclaré avoir vériﬁé que les conditions énumérées aux articles 710-
5 et 710—6 de la Loi sur les Sociétés aient été remplies et en a constaté
expressément l’accomplissement. Il a en outre conﬁrmé que ces Statuts sont
conformes aux dispositions de l’article 710—7 dela Loi sur les Sociétés.

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque forme
que ce soit, qui incombent à la Société en raison du présent acte, sont estimés
approximativement à la somme de mille cent euros (EUR 1 . 100, -).

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’Associé Unique, représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, représentant la totalité
du capital social souscrit de la Société, a pris les résolutions suivantes:

(a) Le nombre de gérants est ﬁxé à deux (2).

(b) la personne suivante est désignée comme gérant de classe A de la
Société pour une durée illimité :

- Mr Jean Olias De Los Ramos, né à Figari, France, le 23 décembre
1949, dont l’adresse professionnelle est situé au 189, avenue de la
Faiencerie, L-1511 Luxembourg.

(c) la personne suivante est désignée comme gérant de classe B de la
Société pour une durée illimité :

- Mr Latif Adeothy, né à Tsévié, France, le 27 juin 1984, dont
l’adresse professionnelle est situé au 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

(d) Le siège social de la Société est situé au 94 rue du Kiem, L-1857
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

26


Le notaire, qui comprend et parle l’anglais, déclare qu’à la requête de l’Associé
Unique, le present acte a été établi en anglais, suivi d’une version française. A la
requête de celui-ci et qu’en cas de divergence entre les versions anglaise et
française, la version anglaise prévaudra.

Dont acte, fait et passé, même date qu’en tête des présentes à Luxembourg.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire de l’Associé Fondateur, connu du
notaire par son nom, prénom usuel, état civil et demeure, ledit mandataire signe
avec le notaire le present acte. »

The said appearing person, acting in the above stated capacity, declares
that all other articles and clauses of the Notarial Deed remain unchanged and
this person has required the notary to mention the present rectification wherever
necessary.

Whereof the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the appearing person, who is known
to the notary by their surname, first name, civil status and residence, the said
person signed together with Us notary this original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANÇAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRÉCÈDE:
L’an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvieme jour du mois de décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Edouard Delosch, notaire de résidence a
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A comparu:

Monsieur Ben Brouscher, employé, avec résidence professionnelle a
Luxembourg,

agissant en sa qualité de mandataire de l’associé fondateur Folio
Financiére S.à r.|. (ci-apres la « Société »), une société a responsabilité
limitée, ayant son siege social au 94, rue du Kiem, L-1857 Luxembourg, pas
encore immatriculée au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg
(la « Société »), constituée selon acte reçu par devant le notaire soussigné en
date du 17 septembre 2018, pas encore publié au Recueil Electronique des
Sociétés et Associations, et enregistré a Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 18
septembre 2018, Relation : 1LAC/2018/29746 (l’« Acte Notarié »),

en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé, ladite procuration
restera annexée a l’Acte Notarié.

Le comparant, en sa susdite qualité, a requis le notaire instrumentant de
documenter les déclarations et constatations suivantes :

- qu’une erreur de plume s’est glissée dans l’Acte Notarié concernant
l’adresse de l’associé fondateur et le gérant de classe A, a savoir Monsieur Jean
Olias De Los Ramos, qui aurait dû être 189, avenue de la Fa'I'encerie, L-1511

27


Luxembourg au lieu de 34, avenue des Champs Elysées, 758008 Paris
(France).

- qu’en conséquence, il a été décidé de reformuler l’Acte Notarié dans
son intégralité, et qu’il aurait dû se lire comme indiqué dans la version française
chessus.

Lequel comparant, agissant en sa susdite qualité, déclare que tous les
autres articles et rubriques de ladite assemblée générale extraordinaire restent
inchangés et prie le notaire de faire mention de la présente rectification partout
où besoin sera.

DONT ACTE, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des
présentes.

Et après lecture et interprétation en langue française donnée a la
comparante, connue du notaire instrumentant par ses nom, prénom, état et
demeure, elle a signé le présent acte avec le notaire.

(signe) B. BROUSCHER, DELOSCH.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 20 décembre 2018
Relation : 1 LAC/2018/41835

Reçu douze (12.-) euros

Le Receveur, (s) : P. MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme, délivrée aux ﬁns de la publication au RESA.

Luxembourg, le 28 décembre 2018

28


