Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230586

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.389
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

EXP Investments Securitisation S.à r.l.

Société a responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 52-54, Avenue du X Septembre, L-2550 Luxembourg

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

 

NUMERO: 9958/2018

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE EN DATE DU 14 DECEMBRE 2018.

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fourteenth day of December,

Before Maître Danielle Kolbach, residing in Redange/Attert (Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg),

THERE APPEARED:

1. Stichting EXP, a Dutch foundation established under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its registered ofﬁce in WTC Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88,
2595 BR The Hague, The Netherlands,

2. Stichting TEM, a Dutch Foundation established under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its registered ofﬁce in WTC Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88,
2595 BR The Hague, The Netherlands,

3. Stichting AVV, a Dutch Foundation established under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its registered ofﬁce in WT C Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88,
2595 BR The Hague, The Netherlands,

4. Stichting TRS, a Dutch Foundation established under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its registered ofﬁce in WT C Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88,
2595 BR The Hague, The Netherlands,

5. Stichting KDL, a Dutch Foundation established under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its registered ofﬁce in WT C Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88,
2595 BR The Hague, The Netherlands,

all here represented by Mrs. Virginie Pierru, notary clerk, professionally residing
Redange/Attert, by virtue of ﬁve (5) proxies given under private seal; said proxies, after
having been signed ne varietur by the representative of the appearing parties and the
undersigned notary, will remain attached to this deed to be ﬁled with it with the
registration authorities.

The appearing parties, represented as aforesaid, have requested the undersigned


notary to state as follows the articles of association of a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) which is hereby incorporated:
I. NAME — REGISTERED OFFICE — OBJECT — DURATION

Art.1.Name

The name of the company is “EXP Investments Securitisation S.à r.l.” (the
Company). The Company is a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
limitée) governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the Company Law), the law
of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended (the Securitisation Law and together
with the Company Law, the Laws) and these articles of association (the Articles).

Art.2.Registered ofﬁce

2.1. The Company’s registered ofﬁce is established in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred to any other location in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg by a resolution of the board of managers of the Company (the Board) which
may amend the Articles accordingly.

2.2. Branches, subsidiaries or other ofﬁces may be established in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the Board. If the Board determines
that extraordinary political or military developments or events have occurred or are
imminent, and that those developments or events may interfere with the normal activities
of the Company at its registered ofﬁce, or with ease of communication between that
ofﬁce and persons abroad, the registered ofﬁce may be temporarily transferred abroad
until the developments or events in question have completely ceased. Any such temporary
measures do not affect the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the
temporary transfer of its registered ofﬁce, will remain a Luxembourg incorporated
company.

Art.3.Corporate object

3.1. The Company may enter into any type of securitisation transactions within
the meaning of the Securitisation Law and in particular it may acquire, originate (to the
extent permitted) or assume, directly or indirectly or through another entity, risks relating
to any kind of loans, non-performing loans, receivables, notes, shares, partnership
interests, government bonds, treasury bills, debt and equity securities and any other kind

of ﬁnancial instruments, other similar instruments and real estate (the Underlying


Assets) and to directly or indirectly invest in, acquire, originate, hold and dispose of the
Underlying Assets. In addition, the Company may securitise indirectly the Underlying
Assets through the acquisition and holding of interests, debt and/or equity securities and
instruments issued by companies or entities holding the Underlying Assets.

3.2. The Company may issue shares, notes, bonds, debentures and any kind of
equity or debt securities whose value or yield depend on the risks relating to the
Underlying Assets. The Company may borrow in any form, within the limits of the
Securitisation Law.

3.3. The Company may originate loans and lend funds, including the proceeds of
any borrowings and/or issues of securities, within the limits of the Securitisation Law.

3.4. The Company may enter into any transactions by which it acquires or
assumes, directly or indirectly or through another entity, risks relating to debt and equity
securities, other similar instruments, rights or participations in the Underlying Assets.

3.5. The Company may give guarantees and grant pledges, mortgages or any
other types of security interests over all or some of its assets, within the limits of the
Securitisation Law.

3.6. The Company may freely dispose of, and assign, its assets on such terms as
determined by the Board from time to time.

3.7. The Company may generally employ any techniques and use any
instruments relating to its investments for the purpose of their efﬁcient management,
including techniques and instruments designed to protect the Company against credit risk,
currency ﬂuctuations, interest rate ﬂuctuations and other risks.

3.8. The Company may carry out any commercial or ﬁnancial transactions which
relate directly or indirectly to the foregoing objects.

3.9. For the purposes of the Securitisation Law, the Company does not intend to
issue securities to the public on a continuous basis.

Art.4.Duration

4.1. The Company is formed for an unlimited period.

4.2. The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a maximum of
one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the number of shareholders of the
Company exceeds one hundred (100), the Company shall have one (1) year from the date

on which such limit is exceeded to convert into another legal form.


4.3. The Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution of the
shareholders of the Company adopted in the manner required to amend the Articles. The
Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of civil rights,
incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event affecting one or more
shareholders.

II. CAPITAL — SHARES

Art.5.Capital

5.1. The share capital is set at twelve thousand Euro (EUR 12,000.-), represented
by twelve thousand (12,000) shares in registered form, having a nominal value of one
Euro (EUR 1.-) each.

5.2. The share capital may be increased or reduced once or more by a resolution
of the shareholders, acting in accordance with the conditions prescribed for the
amendment of the Articles.

5.3. The Company may repurchase its own shares within the limits prescribed by
the Company Law and may hold such repurchased shares in treasury, or alternatively
cancel such shares held in treasury. The Board is authorised to cancel any such shares
held in treasury and to proceed with the applicable capital reduction in its discretion. In
such case, the Board shall record the share capital decrease by way of a notarial deed. The
deed must be drawn up within one month of the cancellation and capital decrease so
decided by the Board. The voting and ﬁnancial rights attached to any shares held in
treasury are suspended for so long as the Company holds them in treasury.

5.4. The Company may maintain a general share premium account. Any share
premium paid in respect of any shares upon their issuance (and not allocated speciﬁcally
to a speciﬁc class of shares, if any, shall be allocated to such general share premium
account of the Company. The amount of the said general share premium account will
constitute freely distributable reserves of the Company. To the extent the share capital is
divided into several classes of shares, the Company may maintain separate share premium
accounts per class. Any share premium paid and speciﬁcally allocated to any individual
class will be allocated to such class share premium account and only distributable on such
class of shares.

5.5. The Company may maintain a general special equity reserve account

(account 115 « apport en capitaux propres non rémunérés par des titres » of the


Luxembourg Chart of Accounts provided for by the Grand Ducal regulation of 10 June
2009). The amount of said general special equity reserve account will constitute freely
distributable reserves of the Company. To the extent the Company has several classes of
shares, the Company may maintain separate special equity reserve accounts per class.
Any amount paid and speciﬁcally allocated to any individual class will be allocated to
such class special equity reserve account and only distributable on such class of shares.
To the extent not speciﬁcally allocated to any individual class, any amounts otherwise
allocated to the special equity reserve account shall be deemed as allocated to the general
special equity reserve account.

Art.6.Shares

6.1. The shares are indivisible towards the Company which recognises only one
(1) owner per share. Joint share owners must appoint a sole person as their representative
towards the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights
attached to a joint owned share, except for relevant information rights, until a sole person
has been appointed as the owner of the share towards the Company.

6.2. The shares are freely transferable between shareholders.

6.3. When the Company has a sole shareholder, the shares are freely transferable
to third parties.

6.4. When the Company has more than one shareholder, the transfer of shares
(inter vivos) to third parties is subject to prior approval by shareholders representing
three-quarters of the shares of the Company.

6.5. If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party, such
transferring shareholder must send a notice of the proposed transfer to the Company and
such transfer will be subject to the provisions of articles 6.6 to 6.12 of these Articles.

6.6. If the proposed transfer is not approved by shareholders representing three-
quarters of the shares of the Company or if the Company has refused to approve the
transfer in accordance with the Company Law, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of refusal, acquire the share(s) or procure the acquisition of the
share(s), at a price determined in accordance with article 6.8 of these Articles, save in the
circumstance where the transferring shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon
request of the manager(s), the three (3) month period can be extended by the president of

the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and


sitting as in summary proceedings, it being understood that such extension shall not
exceed six (6) months.

6.7. The Company may, within the same timeframe as set forth in article 6.6
above and with the consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the nominal value of the relevant share(s) and (ii)
repurchase such shares at a price determined in accordance with articles 6.8 of these
Articles.

6.8. For the purposes of articles 6.6 and 6.7 above, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as determined in
good faith by the Board.

6.9. If following the expiry of the period referred to in articles 6.6 and 6.7 above,
neither the existing shareholders have acquired the shares nor the Company has
repurchased the share(s), the transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the
proposed new shareholder(s) at the transfer price and under the conditions which were
notified to the Company.

6.10. A share transfer shall only be binding on the Company or third parties
following notiﬁcation to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance with article 1690
of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

6.11. For all other matters, reference is made to article 710-12 and 710-13 of the
Company Law.

6.12. A register of shareholders shall be kept at the registered ofﬁce and may be
examined by any shareholder on request.

III. MANAGEMENT — REPRESENTATION

Art.7.Appointment and removal of managers

7.1. The Company shall be managed by one or more managers appointed by a
resolution of the shareholders representing more than half of the Company’s share capital
which sets the term of their ofﬁce. The managers need not be shareholders.

7.2. The managers may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a
resolution of the shareholders representing more than half of the Company’s share capital.

Art.8.Board of managers

8.1. If several managers are appointed, they shall constitute the Board. The

shareholders may decide to appoint managers of two different classes, i.e. one or several


class A managers and one or several class B managers.

8.2. Powers of the Board

(i) All powers not expressly reserved to the shareholders by the Company Law
or the Articles fall within the competence of the Board which has full power to carry out
and approve all acts and operations consistent with the Company’s corporate object.

(ii) The Board may delegate special or limited powers to one or more agents for
speciﬁc matters.

(iii) The Board is authorised to delegate the day-to-day management, and the
power to represent the Company in this respect, to one or more managers or other agents,
whether shareholders or not, acting either individually or jointly, in accordance with the
Company Law.

8.3. Procedure

(i) The Board shall meet at the request of any manager, at the place indicated in
the convening notice, which in principle shall be in Luxembourg.

(ii) Written notice of any Board meeting shall be given to all managers at least
twenty-four (24) hours in advance, except in the case of an emergency, in which case the
nature and circumstances of such shall be set out in the notice.

(iii) No notice is required if all members of the Board are present or represented
and each of them states that they have full knowledge of the agenda for the meeting. A
manager may also waive notice of a meeting, either before or after the meeting. Separate
written notices are not required for meetings which are held at times and places indicated
in a schedule previously adopted by the Board.

(iv) A manager may grant to another manager a power of attorney in order to be
represented at any Board meeting.

(v) The Board may only validly deliberate and act if a majority of its members
are present or represented, provided that if the shareholders have appointed one or several
class A managers and one or several class B managers, at least one (1) class A manager
and one (1) class B manager are present or represented. Board resolutions shall be validly
adopted by a majority of the votes of the managers present or represented, provided that if
the shareholders have appointed one or several class A managers and one or several class
B managers, at least one (1) class A manager and one (1) class B manager votes in favour

of the resolution. Board resolutions shall be recorded in minutes signed by the


chairperson of the meeting or, if no chairperson has been appointed, by all the managers
present or represented.

(vi) Any manager may participate in any meeting of the Board by telephone or
video conference, or by any other means of communication which allows all those taking
part in the meeting to identify, hear and speak to each other. Participation by such means
is deemed equivalent to participation in person at a duly convened and held meeting.

(vii) Circular resolutions signed by all the managers (Managers’ Circular
Resolutions) shall be valid and binding as if passed at a duly convened and held Board
meeting, and shall bear the date of the last signature.

8.4. Representation

(i) The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by the
single signature of any manager or, if the shareholders have appointed one or several
class A managers and one or several class B managers, the joint signature of one (1) class
A manager and one (1) class B manager.

(ii) The Company shall also be bound towards third parties by the signature of
any person to whom special powers have been delegated by the Board.

Art.9.Sole manager

If the Company is managed by a sole manager, all references in the Articles to the
Board, the managers or any manager are to be read as references to the sole manager, as
appropriate.

Art.10. Liability of the managers

The managers shall not be held personally liable by reason of their ofﬁce for any
commitment they have validly made in the name of the Company, provided those
commitments comply with the Articles and the Laws.

Art.11. Conﬂict of interests

11.1. In the event that any manager or ofﬁcer of the Company has a ﬁnancial
interest which opposes that of the Company in any transaction of the Company, such
manager or ofﬁcer shall make known to the Board such ﬁnancial interest, and such
declaration shall be recorded in the minutes of the Board meeting. The relevant manager
shall not consider or vote upon any such transaction. Such conﬂict of interest shall be
reported to the next succeeding meeting of the shareholders prior to such meeting taking

any resolution on any other item.


11.2. Notwithstanding the above, no day-to-day transactions entered into under
normal conditions, as well as no contract or other transaction between the Company and
any other company shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or more of the
managers or ofﬁcers of the Company is interested in, or is a manager, director, associate,
ofﬁcer or employee of such other company. Any manager or ofﬁcer of the Company who
serves as a director, ofﬁcer or employee of any company or ﬁrm with which the
Company shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall not, by reason of such
afﬁliation with such other company or ﬁrm, be prevented from considering and voting or
acting upon any matters with respect to such contract or other business.

IV. SHAREHOLDER(S)

Art.12. General meetings of shareholders and shareholders’ written
resolutions

12.1. Powers and voting rights

(i) Unless resolutions are taken in accordance with article 12.1(ii), resolutions
of the shareholders shall be adopted at a general meeting of shareholders (each a General
Meeting).

(ii) If the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed sixty (60),
resolutions of the shareholders (save for a resolution amending the Articles) may be
adopted in writing (Written Shareholders’ Resolutions).

(iii) Each share entitles the holder to one (1) vote.

(iv) The shareholders shall have all powers expressly reserved to them by the
Company Law or the Articles, including, but not limited to, (i) the appointment and
removal of managers, (ii) the approval of the annual accounts of the Company, (iii) the
determination of the allocation of the balance of the annual net proﬁts of the Company
and (iv) the approval of any amendment to these Articles.

12.2. Notices, quorum, majority and voting procedures

(i) The shareholders may be convened to General Meetings by the Board. The
Board must convene a General Meeting following a request from shareholders
representing more than half of the share capital.

(ii) Written notice of any General Meeting shall be given to all shareholders at
least eight (8) days prior to the date of the meeting, except in the case of an emergency, in

which case the nature and circumstances of such shall be set out in the notice.


(iii) The shareholders may vote at any general meeting by means of voting forms
provided by the Company which voting forms must contain at least the place, date and
time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to the
shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the shareholder to vote in
favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate box. Voting
forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote in favour, or (ii) a vote
against the proposed resolutions, or (iii) an abstention, are void with respect to such
resolution. The Company shall only take into account voting forms received at the latest
twenty-four (24) hours before the holding of the General Meeting to which they relate.

(iv) General Meetings shall be held at the time and place speciﬁed in the notices.

(v) If all the shareholders are present or represented and consider themselves
duly convened and informed of the agenda of the General Meeting, it may be held
without prior notice.

(vi) A shareholder may grant written power of attorney to another person (who
need not be a shareholder), in order to be represented at any General Meeting.

(vii) A shareholder may participate in any General Meeting by telephone or video
conference, or by any other means of communication which allows all those taking part in
the meeting to identify, hear and speak to each other. Participation by such means is
deemed equivalent to participation in person at a duly convened and held meeting. In
such case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxy shall be physically present at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company and the meeting shall be deemed held at the registered
ofﬁce of the Company.

(viii) An attendance list must be kept at all General Meetings.

(ix) Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed by
shareholders owning more than one-half of the share capital. If this majority is not
reached at the ﬁrst General Meeting, the shareholders shall be convened by registered
letter to a second General Meeting and the resolutions shall be adopted at the second
General Meeting by a majority of the votes cast, irrespective of the proportion of the
share capital represented.

(x) The Board may suspend the voting rights of any shareholder in breach of its
obligations as described by these Articles or any relevant agreement which may be

entered into among the Company and the shareholders from time to time (if any).

10


(xi) A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or
permanently, all or part of his voting rights by means of formal waiver of its rights. The
waiving shareholder is bound by such waiver and the waiver must be recognized by the
Company upon notiﬁcation.

(xii) In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are suspended in
accordance with article 12.2(X) or the exercise of the voting rights has been waived by
one or several shareholders in accordance with article 12.2(xi), such shareholders may
attend any General Meeting but the shares they hold shall not be taken into account for
the determination of the conditions of quorum and majority to be complied with at the
General Meetings or to determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

(xiii) The Company shall recognize any voting arrangements agreed in any
agreement which may be entered into among the Company and the shareholders from
time to time (if any), to the extent that such voting arrangements are not in conﬂict with
the provisions of article 710-20 of the Company Law.

(xiv) The Articles may only be amended and the nationality of the Company may
only be changed with the consent of shareholders owning at least three-quarters of the
share capital.

(xv) Any increase in a shareholder’s commitment to the Company shall require
the unanimous consent of the shareholders.

(xvi) When resolutions are to be adopted in writing, the Board shall send the text
of such resolutions to all the shareholders. The shareholders shall vote in writing and
return their vote to the Company within the timeline ﬁxed by the Board. Each manager
shall be entitled to count the votes. Written Shareholders’ Resolutions are passed with the
quorum and majority requirements set forth above and shall bear the date of the last
signature received prior to the expiry of the timeline ﬁxed by the Board.

Art.13. Sole shareholder

When the number of shareholders is reduced to one (1):

(i) the sole shareholder shall exercise all powers granted by the Company Law
to the General Meeting;

(ii) any reference in the Articles to the shareholders, the General Meeting, or the
Written Shareholders’ Resolutions is to be read as a reference to the sole shareholder or

the sole shareholder’s resolutions, as appropriate; and

11


(iii) the resolutions of the sole shareholder shall be recorded in minutes or drawn
up in writing.

V. ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — SUPERVISION — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS

Art.14. Financial year and approval of annual accounts

14.1. The ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst (1) of January and ends on the thirty-
ﬁrst (31) of December of each year.

14.2. Each year, the Board must prepare the balance sheet and proﬁt and loss
accounts, together with an inventory stating the value of the Company’s assets and
liabilities, with an annex summarising the Company’s commitments and the debts owed
by its managers and shareholders to the Company.

14.3. Any shareholder may inspect the inventory and balance sheet at the
registered ofﬁce.

14.4. The balance sheet and proﬁt and loss accounts must be approved in the
following manner:

(i) if the number of shareholders of the Company does not exceed sixty (60),
within six (6) months following the end of the relevant ﬁnancial year either (a) at the
annual General Meeting (if held) or (b) by way of Written Shareholders’ Resolutions; or

(ii) if the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds sixty (60), at the
annual General Meeting.

14.5. If the number of shareholders of the Company exceeds sixty (60), the annual
General Meeting shall be held within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as speciﬁed in
the notice, within six (6) months following the end of the relevant ﬁnancial year.

Art.15. Approved external auditor (re'viseur d’entreprises agre'e')

The accounts of the Company shall be audited by an approved external auditor
(réviseur d’entreprises agréé) to be appointed by the Board in accordance with article 48
of the Securitisation Law.

Art.16. Allocation of proﬁts

16.1. Five per cent (5%) of the Company’s annual net proﬁts must be allocated to
the reserve required by law (the Legal Reserve). This requirement ceases when the Legal
Reserve reaches an amount equal to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital.

16.2. The shareholders shall determine the allocation of the balance of the annual

12


net proﬁts. They may decide on the payment of a dividend, to transfer the balance to a
reserve account, or to carry it forward in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company's net proﬁts available for distribution, after
deduction of the allocation to the statutory reserve whenever such allocation is required
by the Company Law, shall be distributed as dividends on the shares. The Company aims
to distribute such proﬁt with a time frame of ﬁve (5) years. Any net proﬁts which at the
end of a given ﬁnancial year have not been declared (and not been distributed) as
dividend payable shall continue to accrue to the sole beneﬁt of the holders of the shares
of the Company and will be distributed as a dividend at a later stage.

16.3. Interim dividends may be distributed at any time, subject to the following
conditions:

(i) the Board must draw up interim accounts;

(ii) the interim accounts must show that sufﬁcient proﬁts and other reserves
(including share premium) are available for distribution; it being understood that the
amount to be distributed may not exceed the proﬁts made since the end of the last
ﬁnancial year for which the annual accounts have been approved, if any, increased by
proﬁts carried forward and distributable reserves, and reduced by losses carried forward
and sums to be allocated to the Legal Reserve;

(iii) within two (2) months of the date of the interim accounts, the Board must
resolve to distribute the interim dividends; and

(iv) the external auditor (re'viseur d’entreprises agre'e') veriﬁes that the above
conditions have been duly fulﬁlled.

If the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable proﬁts at the end of the
ﬁnancial year, such difference shall be considered as an advance on the next dividend.

16.4. To the extent any ﬁnal dividend is declared and paid and does not
correspond to proﬁts actually earned in the applicable ﬁnancial year, the Board has the
right to claim the reimbursement of dividends not corresponding to proﬁts actually earned
and the shareholders must immediately refund the excess to the Company if so required
by the Board.

VI. DISSOLUTION — LIQUIDATION
19.1. The Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the

shareholders adopted with the consent of shareholders owning at least three-quarters of

13


the share capital. The shareholders shall appoint one or more liquidators, who need not be
shareholders, to carry out the liquidation, and shall determine their number, powers and
remuneration. Unless otherwise decided by the shareholders, the liquidators shall have
full power to realise the Company’s assets and pay its liabilities.

19.2. The surplus (if any) after realisation of the assets and payment of the
liabilities of the Company shall be distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the
shares.

VII. GENERAL PROVISIONS

Art.20. Prohibition to petition for bankruptcy of the Company or to seize the
assets of the Company

In accordance with article 64 of the Securitisation Law, any investor (the Investor)
in, and any creditor (the Creditor) and shareholder of, the Company and any person
which has entered into a contractual relationship with the Company (the Contracting
Party) agrees not to (i) petition for bankruptcy of the Company or request the opening of
any other collective or reorganisation proceedings against the Company or (ii) seize any
assets of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not prevent the
granting by the Company of security interests over its assets in favour of its Investors,
Creditors and Contracting Parties and the enforcement of such security interests.

Art.21. Limited recourse

The Investors and the Creditors expressly accept, and shall be deemed to have
accepted by entering into contractual obligations with the Company, that priority of
payment and waterfall provisions will be included in the relevant issue documentations
and they expressly accept, and shall be deemed to have accepted the consequences of
such priority of payments and waterfall provisions.

Art.22. Other general provisions

22.1. Notices and communications may be made or waived, Managers’ Circular
Resolutions and Written Shareholders Resolutions may be evidenced, in writing, by fax,
email or any other means of electronic communication.

22.2. Powers of attorney may be granted by any of the means described above.
Powers of attorney in connection with Board meetings may also be granted by a manager,
in accordance with such conditions as may be accepted by the Board.

22.3. Signatures may be in handwritten or electronic form, provided they fulﬁl all

14


legal requirements for being deemed equivalent to handwritten signatures. Signatures of
the Managers’ Circular Resolutions, the resolutions adopted by the Board by telephone or
video conference or the Written Shareholders’ Resolutions, as the case may be, may
appear on one original or several counterparts of the same document, all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same document.

22.4. All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be determined in
accordance with the applicable law and, subject to any non-waivable provisions of the
law, with any agreement entered into by the shareholders from time to time.

TRANSITORY PROVISION

The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year begins on the date of this deed and ends on 31 December
2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

All the twelve thousand (12,000) shares have been subscribe and fully paid-up by
the appearing parties, represented as aforesaid, as follows:

1. Stichting EXP, prenamed and represented as stated above, declares to subscribe
to two thousand four hundred (2,400) shares in registered form, and agrees to pay them in
full by a contribution in cash in the amount of two thousand four hundred Euro (EUR
2,400.-), allocated to the share capital of the Company.

2.Stichting TEM, prenamed and represented as stated above, declares to subscribe
to two thousand four hundred (2,400) shares in registered form, and agrees to pay them in
full by a contribution in cash in the amount of two thousand four hundred Euro (EUR
2,400.-), allocated to the share capital of the Company.

3. Stichting AVV, prenamed and represented as stated above, declares to subscribe
to two thousand four hundred (2,400) shares in registered form, and agrees to pay them in
full by a contribution in cash in the amount of two thousand four hundred Euro (EUR
2,400.-), allocated to the share capital of the Company.

4. Stichting TRS, prenamed and represented as stated above, declares to subscribe
to two thousand four hundred (2,400) shares in registered form, and agrees to pay them in
full by a contribution in cash in the amount of two thousand four hundred Euro (EUR

2,400.-), allocated to the share capital of the Company.

15


5. Stichting KDL, prenamed and represented as stated above, declares to subscribe
to two thousand four hundred (2,400) shares in registered form, and agrees to pay them in
full by a contribution in cash in the amount of two thousand four hundred Euro (EUR
2,400.-), allocated to the share capital of the Company.

The amount of 12,000 Euro (EUR 12,000) is at the free disposal of the Company as
was evidenced to the undersigned notary who states it.

RESOLUTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS:

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, the shareholders of the
Company, represented as aforesaid and representing the entire subscribed share capital,
have passed the following resolutions:

1. The following persons are appointed as managers of the Company for an
unlimited duration:

- Johanna van Oort, born in Groningen, the Netherlands, on February 28,
1967, with professional address at 52-54 Avenue du X Septembre , L-2550, Luxembourg,
as manager; and

- Krystina Charniak, born in Minsk on 16 March 1992, with professional
address at 52-54 Avenue du X Septembre , L-2550, Luxembourg, as manager.

2. The registered ofﬁce of the Company is set at 52-54, Avenue du X Septembre,
L-2550 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

Whereof the present notarial deed is drawn in Redange/Attert, on the year and day
ﬁrst above written.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states herewith that
on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is worded in English, followed
by a French version, at the request of the same appearing party, in case of discrepancies
between the English and the French texts, the English version will be prevailing.

The deed having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing party, the
proxyholder signed together with Us, the notary, the present original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le quatorzieme jour du mois de décembre ;

Par-devant Maitre Danielle Kolbach, notaire de residence a Redange/Attert

(Grand-Duche' de Luxembourg),

16


A COMPARU :

1. Stichting EXP, une fondation hollandaise régie et existant sous le droit de Pays-
Bas, ayant son siège social à WTC Tower E, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 88, 2595 BR, La
Haye, Pays-Bas,

2. Stichting TEM, une fondation hollandaise, a Dutch Foundation régie et existant
sous le droit de Pays-Bas, ayant son siège social à WTC Tower E, Prinses
Margrietplantsoen 88, 2595 BR, La Haye Pays-Bas,

3. Stichting AVV, une fondation hollandaise, a Dutch Foundation régie et existant
sous le droit de Pays-Bas, ayant son siège social à WTC Tower E, Prinses
Margrietplantsoen 88, 2595 BR, La Haye Pays-Bas,

4. Stichting TRS, une foudation hollandaise, a Dutch Foundation régie et existant
sous le droit de Pays-Bas, ayant son siège social à WTC Tower E, Prinses
Margrietplantsoen 88, 2595 BR, La Haye Pays-Bas,

5. Stichting KDL, une fondation hollandaise, a Dutch Foundation régie et existant
sous le droit de Pays-Bas, ayant son siège social à WTC Tower E, Prinses
Margrietplantsoen 88, 2595 BR, La Haye Pays-Bas,

toutes ici représentées par Mme Virginie Pierru, clerc de notaire, avec adresse
professionnelle à Redange/Attert, en vertu de cinq (5) procurations sous seing privé;
lesquelles procurations, après avoir été signées ne varietur par la mandataires des parties
comparantes et par le notaire instrumentant, resteront annexées au présent acte pour les
formalités d’enregistrement.

Les parties comparantes, représentées comme indiqué ci-dessus, ont prié le notaire
instrumentant d’acter de la façon suivante les statuts d’une société à responsabilité limitée
qui est ainsi constituée:

I. DENOMINATION — SIEGE SOCIAL — OBJET— DUREE

Art.1.Dénomination

Le nom de la société est "EXP Investments Securitisation S.à r.l." (la Société).
La Société est une société à responsabilité limitée régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, et en particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales,
telle que modiﬁée (la Loi sur les Sociétés), par la loi du 22 mars 2004 sur la titrisation,
telle que modiﬁée (la Loi sur la Titrisation et avec la Loi sur les Sociétés, les Lois),

ainsi que par les présents statuts (les Statuts).

17


Art.2.Siège social

2.1. Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Il peut être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
par une résolution du conseil de gérance de la Société (le Conseil) qui peut modiﬁer les
statuts en conséquence.

2.2. Il peut être créé des succursales, ﬁliales ou autres bureaux tant au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg qu’à l’étranger par décision du Conseil. Lorsque le Conseil estime
que des développements ou événements extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou militaire se
sont produits ou sont imminents, et que ces développements ou événements sont de
nature à compromettre les activités normales de la Société à son siège social, ou la
communication aisée entre le siège social et l’étranger, le siège social peut être transféré
provisoirement à l’étranger, jusqu’à cessation complète de ces circonstances. Ces mesures
provisoires n’ont aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société qui, nonobstant le transfert
provisoire de son siège social, reste une société luxembourgeoise.

Art.3.0bj et social

3.1. La Société peut conclure toute forme d’opération de titrisation au sens de la
Loi sur la T itrisation et plus particulièrement, elle peut acquérir, accorder (dans la mesure
de ce qui est permis) ou assumer, directement ou indirectement ou par l’intermédiaire de
toute autre entité, les risques relatifs à tout type de prêts, des prêts non performant,
créances, obligations, actions, parts d’intérêt, obligations gouvernementales, bons du
trésor, valeurs mobilières de dette ou de capital et tout autre type d’instruments ﬁnancier,
d’instruments similaires, de biens immobiliers (les Actifs Sous-Jacents) et investir
directement ou indirectement dans, acquérir, accorder, détenir ou céder les Actifs Sous-
J acents. En outre, la Société peut assumer les risque indirectement les Actifs Sous-Jacents
à travers l’acquisition et la détention d’intérêts, dettes et/ou des titres en capital et
instruments émis par des sociétés ou des sociétés détenant les Actifs Sous-Jacents.

3.2. La Société peut émettre des parts sociales, des obligations, des billets à
ordre, des titres de dettes assortis avec des sûretés ("debenture") et des titres de dettes ou
de capital dont la valeur ou le rendement dépendent des risques relatifs aux Actifs Sous-
Jacents. La Société peut emprunter sous toute forme quelconque, dans les limites de la
Loi sur la T itrisation.

3.3. La Société peut octroyer des prêts et prêter des fonds y compris les revenus

18


de tous emprunts et/ou d’émissions de valeurs mobilières, dans les limites de la Loi sur la
T itrisation.

3.4. La Société peut conclure toutes transactions par lesquelles elle acquiert ou
assume, directement ou indirectement ou par l’intermédiaire d’une autre entité, les risques
relatifs aux valeurs mobilières de dettes ou de capital, d’autres instruments similaires, des
droits ou des participations dans les Actifs Sous-Jacents.

3.5. La Société peut donner des garanties et accorder des gages, hypothèques ou
tout autre type de sûretés sur la totalité ou une partie de ses actifs, dans les limites de la
Loi sur la T itrisation.

3.6. La Société peut librement disposer de, et transférer, ses actifs sous les
conditions telles que déterminées par le Conseil.

3.7. La Société peut, d’une manière générale, employer toutes les techniques et
utiliser tous les instruments liés à ses investissements en vue d’une gestion efﬁcace, y
compris les techniques et instruments destinés à protéger la Société contre le risque de
crédit, les ﬂuctuations monétaires, les ﬂuctuations de taux d’intérêt et autres risques.

3.8. La Société peut effectuer toutes les opérations commerciales ou ﬁnancières
en relation directe ou indirecte avec son obj et social.

3.9. La Société n’envisage pas d’émettre de valeurs mobilières au public de
manière continue au regard de la Loi sur la T itrisation.

Art.4.Durée

4.1. La Société est formée pour une durée indéterminée.

4.2. La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés avec un maximum de cent
(100) associés. Au cas où le nombre d’associés Vient à dépasser la limite de cent (100), la
Société disposera d’un délai d’un (1) an à compter de la date à laquelle cette limite aura
été dépassée pour être transformée en une autre forme sociale.

4.3. La Société peut être dissoute, à tout moment, par résolution des associés de
la Société adoptée selon les modalités requises pour la modiﬁcation des Statuts. La
Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de l’interdiction, de l’incapacité, de
l’insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre événement similaire affectant un ou plusieurs
associés.

II. CAPITAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Art.5.Capital

19


5.1. Le capital social est ﬁxé à douze mille Euro (EUR 12.000,-), représenté par
douze mille (12.000) parts sociales sous forme nominative, ayant une valeur nominale
d’un Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

5.2. Le capital social peut être augmenté ou réduit à une ou plusieurs reprises par
une résolution des associés, adoptée selon les modalités requises pour la modiﬁcation des
Statuts.

5.3. La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales dans les limites prévues
par la Loi sur les Sociétés et peut détenir ces parts sociales rachetées en portefeuille ou,
alternativement, les annuler. Le Conseil est autorisé à annuler ces parts sociales détenues
en portefeuille et procéder à sa discrétion à la réduction de capital afférente. Dans ce cas,
le Conseil fait constater la réduction de capital par acte notarié. L’acte doit être dressé un
mois après la décision du Conseil relatif à l’annulation et à la réduction de capital
afférente. Les droits de vote et les droits ﬁnanciers attachés aux parts sociales détenues en
portefeuille sont suspendus pendant la durée de leur détention par la Société.

5.4. La Société peut maintenir un compte de prime d’émission général. Toute
prime d'émission payée lors de l'émission de parts sociales (qui n’est pas affecté
spéciﬁquement à une catégorie spéciﬁque de parts sociales) sera affectée à ce compte de
prime d'émission général de la Société. Le montant dudit compte de prime d'émission
général constitue des réserves librement distribuables de la Société. Dans la mesure où le
capital social est divisé en plusieurs catégories de parts sociales, la Société peut maintenir
des comptes de prime d’émission par catégorie séparés. Toute prime versée et
spéciﬁquement affectée à une seule catégorie est affectée au compte de prime d’émission
de cette catégorie et distribuable uniquement aux parts sociales de cette catégorie.

5.5. La Société peut maintenir un compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres
général (compte 115 « apport en capitaux propres non rémunérés par des titres » du Plan
Comptable Normalisé Luxembourgeois prévu par le règlement grand-ducal du 10 juin
2009). Le montant de ce compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres général constitue
des réserves librement distribuables de la Société. Dans la mesure où le capital social est
divisé en plusieurs catégories de parts sociales, la Société peut maintenir des comptes
spéciaux de réserve en capitaux propres par catégorie séparés. Toute prime versée et
spéciﬁquement affectée à une seule catégorie est affectée au compte spécial de réserve en

capitaux propres de cette catégorie et distribuable uniquement aux parts sociales de cette

20


catégorie. Dans la mesure où ils n’ont pas été spéciﬁquement affectés à une catégorie
individuelle, tous les montants ainsi affectés au compte spécial de réserve en capitaux
propres seront considérés comme affectés au compte spécial de réserve en capitaux
propres général.

Art.6.Parts sociales

6.1. Les parts sociales sont indivisibles et la Société ne reconnaît qu’un (1) seul
propriétaire par part sociale. Les copropriétaires doivent désigner une seule personne qui
les représente auprès de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous
les droits afférents à une part sociale détenue en copropriété à l’exclusion du droit à
l’information jusqu’à ce qu’une seule personne soit désignée comme étant propriétaire de
la part sociale à l’égard de la Société.

6.2. Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.3. Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, les parts sociales sont librement
cessibles aux tiers.

6.4. Lorsque la Société a plus d’un associé, la cession des parts sociales (inter
vivos) à des tiers est soumise à l’agrément préalable des associés représentant au moins
les trois quarts des parts sociales de la Société.

6.5. Si un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales à des tiers, cet
associé cédant doit notiﬁer la cession proposée à la Société, et un tel transfert sera soumis
aux dispositions des articles 6.6 à 6.12 de ces Statuts.

6.6. Si le transfert proposé n’est pas approuvé par les associés représentant au
moins les trois quarts des parts sociales de la Société ou si la Société a refusé de consentir
à la cession conformément à la Loi sur les Sociétés, les associés peuvent, dans les trois
(3) mois à compter de ce refus, acquérir ou faire acquérir la/les part(s) sociale(s) à un prix
ﬁxé conformément à l’article 6.8 des Statuts, sauf dans la situation où le cédant renonce à
la cession de ses parts sociales. A la requête du/des gérant(s), le délai de trois (3) mois
peut être prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement
siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé, sans que cette
prolongation puisse dépasser six (6) mois.

6.7. La Société peut également, dans le même délai tel que mentionné dans
l’article 6.6 ci-dessus et avec le consentement de l’associé cédant, (i) décider de réduire

son capital social du montant de la valeur nominale des parts sociales concernées et (ii)

21


racheter lesdites parts sociales à un prix ﬁxé conformément à l’article 6.8 des Statuts.

6.8. Aux ﬁns des articles 6.6 et 6.7, le prix de cession ou le prix de rachat
correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales telle que déterminée de bonne
foi par le Conseil.

6.9. Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti mentionné dans les articles 6.6 et 6.7 ci-
dessus, les associés existants n’ont pas acquis les parts sociales et la Société n’a pas
racheté ces parts sociales, l’associé cédant pourra vendre ses parts sociales au nouvel
associé proposé au prix de cession et dans les conditions prévues et notiﬁées àla Société.

6.10. Une cession de parts sociales ne sera opposable à l’égard de la Société ou
des tiers, qu’après avoir été notiﬁée à la Société ou acceptée par celle-ci conformément à
l’article 1690 du Code Civil luxembourgeois.

6.11. Pour tous les autres points, il est fait référence aux articles 710-12 et 710-13
de la Loi sur les Sociétés.

6.12. Un registre des associés est tenu au siège social et peut être consulté à la
demande de chaque associé.

III. GESTION — REPRESENTATION

Art.7.Nomination et révocation des gérants

7.1. La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants nommés par une résolution
des associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social qui ﬁxe la durée de leur
mandat. Les gérants ne sont pas nécessairement être associés.

7.2. Les gérants sont révocables à tout moment, avec ou sans raison, par une
résolution des associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social.

Art.8.Conseil de gérance

8.1. Si plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils constitueront le Conseil. Les associés
peuvent décider de nommer des gérants de deux différentes classes, à savoir un ou
plusieurs gérants de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B.

8.2. Pouvoirs du Conseil

(i) Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés aux associés par la Loi sur les
Sociétés ou les Statuts sont de la compétence du Conseil qui a tous les pouvoirs pour
effectuer et approuver tous les actes et opérations conformes à l’objet social de la Société.

(ii) Le Conseil peut déléguer des pouvoirs spéciaux ou limités pour des tâches

spéciﬁques à un ou plusieurs agents.

22


(iii) Le Conseil est autorisé à déléguer la gestion journalière, ainsi que le pouvoir
de représentation de la Société à cet égard, à un ou plusieurs gérants et autres agents,
associés ou non, agissant individuellement ou conjointement, conformément à la Loi sur
les Sociétés.

8.3. Procédure

(i) Le Conseil se réunit sur convocation d’un quelconque gérant au lieu indiqué
dans l’avis de convocation, qui en principe, sera au Luxembourg.

(ii) Une convocation écrite de toute réunion du Conseil est donnée à tous les
gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures à l’avance, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas la
nature et les circonstances de cette urgence seront mentionnées dans la convocation à la
réunion.

(iii) Aucune convocation n’est requise si tous les membres du Conseil sont
présents ou représentés et si chacun d’eux déclare avoir parfaitement connaissance de
l’ordre du jour de la réunion. Un gérant peut également renoncer à la convocation à une
réunion, que ce soit avant ou après ladite réunion. Des convocations écrites séparées ne
sont pas exigées pour des réunions se tenant dans des lieux et à des heures ﬁxés dans un
calendrier préalablement adopté par le Conseil.

(iv) Un gérant peut donner une procuration à un autre gérant aﬁn de le
représenter à toute réunion du Conseil.

(v) Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si la majorité de ses
membres sont présents ou représentés, à la condition que lorsque les associés ont nommé
un ou plusieurs gérants de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B, au moins un
gérant de classe A et un gérant de classe B soient présents ou représentés. Les décisions
du Conseil sont valablement adoptées à la majorité des voix des gérants présents ou
représentés, à la condition que, lorsque les associés ont nommé un ou plusieurs gérants de
classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B, au moins un (1) gérant de classe A et un
(1) gérant de classe B votent en faveur de la décision. Les décisions du Conseil sont
consignées dans des procès-verbaux signés par le président de la réunion ou, si aucun
président n’a été nommé, par tous les gérants présents ou représentés.

(vi) Tout gérant peut participer à toute réunion du Conseil par téléphone ou
visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant à l’ensemble des

personnes participant à la réunion de s’identiﬁer, de s’entendre et de se parler. La

23


participation par un de ces moyens équivaut à une participation en personne à une réunion
valablement convoquée et tenue.

(vii) Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les Gérants (les Résolutions
Circulaires des Gérants) sont valables et engagent la Société comme si elles avaient été
adoptées lors d’une réunion du Conseil valablement convoquée et tenue et portent la date
de la dernière signature.

8.4. Représentation

(i) La Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances par la
signature individuelle d’un quelconque gérant ou, si les associés ont nommé un ou
plusieurs gérants de classe A et un ou plusieurs gérants de classe B, par les signatures
conjointes d’un (1) gérant de classe A et d’un (1) gérant de classe B.

(ii) La Société est également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature de toute
personne à qui des pouvoirs spéciaux ont été délégués par le Conseil.

Art.9.Gérant unique

Si la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, toute référence dans les Statuts au
Conseil ou aux gérants doit être considérée, selon le cas, comme une référence au gérant
unique.

Art.10. Responsabilité des gérants

Les gérants ne contractent, à raison de leur fonction, aucune obligation personnelle
concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la Société, dans la
mesure où ces engagements sont conformes aux Statuts et aux Lois.

Art.11. Conﬂit d’intérêts

11.1. Au cas où un gérant ou un agent de la Société aurait un intérêt ﬁnancier
opposé à celui de la Société à l’occasion d’une transaction avec la Société, ledit gérant ou
agent concerné en informera le Conseil et cette déclaration sera consignée dans le procès-
verbal de la réunion du Conseil. Le gérant concerné ne délibérera pas ni ne prendra part
au vote sur cette transaction. Ce conﬂit d’intérêt sera rapporté à la première prochaine
assemblée des associés avant qu’elle ne statue sur tout autre point.

11.2. Nonobstant ce qui précède, aucune transaction journalière conclue dans des
conditions normales, ni aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et toute autre
société ne sera impactée ou invalidée par le fait qu’un ou plusieurs des gérants ou agents

de la Société aient un intérêt, ou soient gérant, administrateur, associé, agent ou employé

24


de cette autre société. Aucun gérant ou membre de la Société qui serait administrateur,
agent ou employé d’une société ou d’une entreprise avec laquelle la Société signerait un
contrat ou s’engagerait en affaires, ne sera, du fait de son afﬁliation avec cette autre
société ou entreprise, empêché de délibérer et de voter ou d’agir sur les points en rapport
avec ces contrats ou autres affaires.

IV. ASSOCIE(S)

Art.12. Assemblées générales des associés et résolutions écrites des associés

12.1. Pouvoirs et droits de vote

(i) Sauf lorsque des résolutions sont adoptées conformément à l’article 12.1.(ii),
les résolutions des associés sont adoptées en assemblée générale des associés (chacune
une Assemblée Générale).

(ii) Si le nombre des associés de la Société ne dépasse pas soixante (60), les
résolutions des associés (hormis les résolutions modiﬁant les Statuts) peuvent être
adoptées par écrit (des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés).

(iii) Chaque part sociale donne droit à un (1) vote.

(iv) Les associés possèdent tous les pouvoirs qui leur sont expressément réservés
par la Loi sur les Sociétés ou les Statuts, notamment, mais non limité à, (i) la nomination
et la révocation des gérants, (ii) l’approbation des comptes annuels de la Société, (iii) la
détermination de l’affectation du solde des bénéﬁces nets annuels de la Société et (iv)
l’approbation de tout changement aux présents Statuts.

12.2. Convocations, quorum, majorité et procédure de vote

(i) Les associés peuvent être convoqués aux Assemblées Générales à l’initiative
du Conseil. Le Conseil doit convoquer une Assemblée Générale à la demande des
associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social.

(ii) Une convocation écrite à toute Assemblée Générale est donnée à tous les
associés au moins huit (8) jours avant la date de l’assemblée, sauf en cas d’urgence,
auquel cas, la nature et les circonstances de cette urgence doivent être précisées dans la
convocation à ladite assemblée.

(iii) Les associés peuvent voter à toute assemblée générale par des formulaires de
vote fournis par la Société, lesdits formulaires de vote devant faire au moins apparaître le
lieu, la date et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les propositions

soumises aux associés ainsi que pour chaque proposition trois cases permettant à l’associé

25


de voter pour, contre ou de s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case prévue à cet effet. Les
formulaires de vote qui ne font pas apparaitre, pour une résolution proposée (i) un vote
pour, ou (ii) un vote contre, ou (iii) une abstention, sont considérés nuls pour cette
résolution. La Société ne prend en considération que les formulaires de vote reçus au plus
tard vingt-quatre (24) heures avant la tenue de l’Assemblée Générale à laquelle ils se
rapportent.

(iv) Les Assemblées Générales sont tenues au lieu et heure précisés dans les
convocations.

(v) Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés et se considèrent comme
ayant été valablement convoqués et informés de l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée,
l’Assemblée Générale peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

(vi) Un associé peut donner une procuration écrite à toute autre personne, associé
ou non, aﬁn de le représenter à toute Assemblée Générale.

(vii) Un associé peut participer à une assemblée générale par téléphone ou
visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant à tous ceux
participant à la réunion de s’identiﬁer, de s’entendre et de se parler. La participation par
un de ces moyens équivaut à une participation en personne à cette assemblée dument
convoquée et tenue. Dans un tel cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son mandataire doit être
physiquement présent au siège social de la Société et l’assemblée sera réputée être tenue
au siège social de la Société.

(viii) Il est tenu une liste des présences à chaque Assemblée Générale.

(ix) Les décisions de l’Assemblée Générale sont adoptées par des associés
détenant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte à la
première Assemblée Générale, les associés sont convoqués par lettre recommandée à une
seconde Assemblée Générale et les décisions sont adoptées par l’Assemblée Générale à la
majorité des voix exprimées, sans tenir compte de la proportion du capital social
représenté.

(x) Le Conseil peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout associé qui manque à ses
obligations décrites dans les présents Statuts ou dans toute convention pertinente que les

associés peuvent conclure avec la Société de temps à autre (s’il y en a une).

26


(xi) Un associé peut à titre personnel décider de ne pas exercer, de manière
temporaire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote par renonciation formelle à
ses droits. L’associé qui y renonce est engagé par cette renonciation et la renonciation
s’impose à l’égard de la Société dès notiﬁcation à cette dernière.

(xii) Au cas où les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont suspendus
conformément à l’article 12.2(x) ou qu’un ou plusieurs associés ont renoncé à l’exercice
de leurs droits de vote conformément à l’article 12.2(xi), ces associés peuvent assister à
toute Assemblée Générale mais les parts sociales qu’ils possèdent ne sont pas prises en
compte pour déterminer les conditions de quorum et de majorité à respecter aux
Assemblées Générales ou déterminer si des résolutions écrites ont été valablement
adoptées.

(xiii) La Société reconnaitra tous arrangements de vote convenus dans une
convention que les associés et la Société peuvent conclure de temps à autre (s’il y en a
une) dans la mesure où ces arrangements ne s’opposent pas aux dispositions de l’article
710-20 de la Loi sur les Sociétés.

(xiv) Les Statuts ne peuvent être modiﬁés et la nationalité de la Société ne peut
être changée qu’avec le consentement des associés détenant au moins les trois-quarts du
capital social.

(xv) Toute augmentation de l’engagement d’un associé dans la Société exige le
consentement unanime des associés.

(xvi) Lorsque des résolutions doivent être adoptées par écrit, le Conseil
communique le texte des résolutions à tous les associés. Les associés votent par écrit et
envoient leur vote à la Société dans le délai ﬁxé par le Conseil. Chaque gérant est autorisé
à compter les votes. Des Résolutions Ecrites des Associés sont adoptées avec le quorum
de présence et de majorité détaillés ci-dessus. Elles porteront la date de la dernière
signature reçue avant l’expiration du délai ﬁxé par le Conseil.

Art.13. Associé unique

Dans le cas où le nombre des associés est réduit à un (1) :

(i) l’associé unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi sur les Sociétés
à l’Assemblée Générale ;

(ii) toute référence dans les Statuts aux associés, à l’Assemblée Générale ou aux

Résolutions Ecrites des Associés est considérée, le cas échéant, comme une référence à

27


l’associé unique ou aux résolutions de ce dernier ; et

(iii) les résolutions de l’associé unique sont consignées dans des procès-verbaux
ou rédigées par écrit.

V. COMPTES ANNUELS — CONTROLE — AFFECTATION DES
BENEFICES

Art.14. Exercice social et approbation des comptes annuels

14.1. L’exercice social commence le premier (1) janvier et se termine le trente-et-
un (31) décembre de chaque année.

14.2. Chaque année, le Conseil doit dresser le bilan et le compte de proﬁts et
pertes, ainsi qu’un inventaire indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs de la Société, avec
une annexe résumant les engagements de la Société ainsi que les dettes du ou des gérants
et des associés envers la Société.

14.3. Tout associé peut prendre connaissance de l’inventaire et du bilan au siège
social.

14.4. Les associés approuveront ces comptes séparés simultanément avec les
comptes tenus par la Société conformément à la Loi sur les Sociétés et à la pratique
courante.

14.5. Le bilan et le compte de proﬁts et pertes doivent être approuvés de la façon
suivante :

(i) si le nombre des associés de la Société ne dépasse pas soixante (60), dans les
six (6) mois de la clôture de l’exercice social en question, soit (a) par l’Assemblée
Générale annuelle (si elle est tenue), soit (b) par voie de Résolutions Ecrites des Associés
; ou

(ii) si le nombre des associés de la Société dépasse soixante (60), par
l’Assemblée Générale annuelle.

14.6. Si le nombre des associés de la Société dépasse soixante (60), l’Assemblée
Générale annuelle se tient au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, comme indiqué dans la
convocation, dans les six (6) mois suivant la clôture de l’exercice social en question.

Art.15. Réviseur d’entreprises agréé

Les comptes de la Société seront audités par un réviseur d'entreprises agréé externe

que le Conseil devra nommer conformément à l’article 48 de la Loi sur la T itrisation.

28


Art.16. Affectation des bénéﬁces

16.1. Cinq pour cent (5 %) des bénéﬁces nets annuels de la Société sont affectés à
la réserve requise par la Loi (la Réserve Légale). Cette affectation cesse d’être exigée
quand la Réserve Légale atteint dix pour cent (10 %) du capital social.

16.2. Les associés décident de l’affectation du solde des bénéﬁces nets annuels. Ils
peuvent allouer ce bénéﬁce au paiement d’un dividende, l’affecter à un compte de réserve
ou le reporter en respectant les dispositions légales applicables. Pour éviter toute
ambiguïté, les bénéﬁces nets de la Société disponibles pour une distribution, après
déduction de l’affectation à la réserve statutaire lorsque cette affectation est exigée par la
Loi sur les Sociétés, seront distribués sous forme de dividendes sur les actions. La Société
a pour but de distribuer ce bénéﬁce dans un délai de cinq (5) ans. T ous bénéﬁces nets qui
à la ﬁn d’un exercice social donné n’ont pas été déclarés (et pas distribués) en tant que
dividende exigible continueront de s’accumuler au proﬁt unique des détenteurs de parts
sociales de la Société et seront distribués sous la forme de dividende à l’étape supérieure.

16.3. Des dividendes intérimaires peuvent être distribués à tout moment, aux
conditions suivantes :

(i) Le Conseil établit des comptes intérimaires ;

(ii) ces comptes intérimaires doivent montrer que sufﬁsamment de bénéﬁces et
autres réserves (y compris la prime d’émission) sont disponibles pour une distribution,
étant entendu que le montant à distribuer ne peut pas dépasser le montant des bénéﬁces
réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice social dont les comptes annuels ont été
approuvés, le cas échéant, augmenté des bénéﬁces reportés et des réserves distribuables,
et réduit par les pertes reportées et les sommes à affecter à la réserve légale ;

(iii) le Conseil doit décider de distribuer les dividendes intérimaires dans les deux
(2) mois suivant la date des comptes intérimaires ; et

(iv) le réviseur d’entreprises agréé vériﬁe que les conditions ci-dessus ont été
dûment remplies.

Si les dividendes intérimaires qui ont été distribués dépassent les bénéﬁces
distribuables à la ﬁn de l’exercice social, cette différence sera considérée comme un
acompte sur le dividende suivant.

16.4. Dans la mesure où un dividende ﬁnal est déclaré et payé et ne correspond

pas aux bénéﬁces réellement réalisés au cours de l’exercice social en question, le Conseil

29


a le droit de réclamer la répétition des dividendes ne correspondant pas à des bénéﬁces
réellement réalisés et les associés doivent immédiatement reverser l’excès à la Société à

la demande du Conseil.

VI. DISSOLUTION — LIQUIDATION

19.1. La Société peut être dissoute à tout moment, par une résolution des associés
adoptée par la majorité (en nombre) des associés détenant au moins les trois-quarts du
capital social. Les associés nommeront un ou plusieurs liquidateurs, qui n’ont pas besoin
d’être associés, pour réaliser la liquidation et détermineront leur nombre, pouvoirs et
rémunération. Sauf décision contraire des associés, les liquidateurs sont investis des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour réaliser les actifs et payer les dettes de la Société.

19.2. Le boni de liquidation résultant de la réalisation des actifs et après paiement
des dettes de la Société sera distribué aux associés proportionnellement aux parts sociales
détenues par chacun d’entre eux.

VII. DISPOSITIONS GENERALES

Art.20. Interdiction d’assigner la Société en faillite ou de saisir les biens de la
Société

Conformément à l’article 64 de la Loi sur la T itrisation, tout investisseur
(l’Investisseur), et tout créancier (le Créancier) et tout associé de la Société et toute
autre personne ayant contractée avec la Société (la Partie Contractante) acceptent de ne
pas (i) assigner la Société en faillite ou de demander à son encontre l’ouverture de toute
procédure collective ou d’assainissement ou (ii) saisir tout actif de la Société Pour lever
tout doute, les dispositions qui précèdent ne font pas obstacle à l’octroi par la Société de
sûretés sur ses actifs en faveur de ses Investisseurs, de ses Créanciers et de ses Parties
Contractantes et àla réalisation de ces sûretés.

Art.21. Recours limité

Les Investisseurs et les Créanciers acceptent expressément, et sont réputés avoir
accepté, en concluant des accords contractuels avec la Société, que des priorités de
paiements et des règles relatives à la cascade des paiements seront incluses dans les
différentes documentations d’émission, et acceptent expressément, et sont réputés avoir
accepté, les conséquences découlant de ces priorités de paiements et de ces cascades des
paiements.

Art.22. Autres dispositions générales

30


22.1. Les convocations et communications, ainsi que les renonciations à celles-ci,
peuvent être faites, et les Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants ainsi que les Résolutions
Ecrites des Associés peuvent être établies par écrit, par téléfax, e-mail ou tout autre
moyen de communication électronique.

22.2. Les procurations peuvent être données par tout moyen mentionné ci-dessus.
Les procurations relatives aux réunions du Conseil peuvent également être données par
un gérant conformément aux conditions acceptées par le Conseil.

22.3. Les signatures peuvent être sous forme manuscrite ou électronique, à
condition de satisfaire aux conditions légales pour être assimilées à des signatures
manuscrites. Les signatures des Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants, des résolutions
adoptées par le Conseil par téléphone ou visioconférence et des Résolutions Ecrites des
Associés, selon le cas, sont apposées sur un original ou sur plusieurs copies du même
document, qui ensemble, constituent un seul et unique document.

22.4. Pour tous les points non expressément prévus par les Statuts, il est fait
référence à la loi et, sous réserve des dispositions légales d’ordre public, à tout accord
présent ou futur conclu entre les associés.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commence à la date du présent acte et prend ﬁn au 31

décembre 2019.
SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Toutes les douze mille (12.000) parts sociales ont toutes été souscrites et
entièrement libérées par les parties comparantes, représentées comme ci-avant, comme
suit :

1. Stichting EXP, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare souscrire à deux
mille quatre cents (2.400) parts sociales, et accepte de les libérer intégralement par un
apport en numéraire d’un montant de deux mille quatre cents Euro (EUR 2.400,-), alloué
au capital social de la Société ;

2. Stichting TEM, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare souscrire à deux
mille quatre cents (2.400) parts sociales, et accepte de les libérer intégralement par un
apport en numéraire d’un montant de deux mille quatre cents Euro (EUR 2.400,-), alloué
au capital social de la Société ;

3. Stichting AV V, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare souscrire à deux

31




