Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230533

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.298
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

TAN Lux S.à r.l.

Société à responsabilité limitée
L-8308 Capellen, 75, Parc d’Activités

 

NUMERO 115.652

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 18 DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the eighteenth of December.

Before Us Me Jean SECKLER, notary residing in Junglinster, (Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg), undersigned.

THERE APPEARED

1. TAN Holdings s.r.l., a company incorporated and existing under the
laws of Italy, having its registered ofﬁce at Viale Majno 26, (20129) Milano,
Italy and with VAT and Registration Number 07530270961, duly represented
by its Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Filippo Giovannini, and

2. TAN 2.0 LP, SCSp, a special limited partnership (société en
commandite spéciale), governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
(the “Partnership”), hereby represented by its general partner, TAN ICGP S.à
r.1., a Luxembourg private liability company (société à responsabilité limitée),
incorporated and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
with registered ofﬁce at L-8308 Capellen, 75, Parc d’Activités, Luxembourg and
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under
number B230118 (the “General Partner”) acting in its capacity as the general
partner of the Partnership,

(the “Appearing Parties”),

both here represented by Mr. Henri DA CRUZ, employee, residing
professionally in J unglinster, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the
“Representative”) by virtue of a power of attorney given under private seal.

Such powers of attorney, after have been signed ne varietur by the
Representative and the undersigned notary, will remain annexed hereto for the
purpose of registration.

The Appearing Parties, represented as described above, have requested the
undersigned notary to draw up the following articles of association of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) which is hereby
incorporated:

“ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
DEFINITIONS

"Articles" means the articles of association of the Company as amended

1


from time to time;

"Available Amount" shall mean the total amount of net proﬁts of the
Company (including carried forward proﬁts) increased by (i) any freely
distributable reserves (including share premium and 115 account) and (ii) as the
case may be, by the amount of the capital reduction and legal reserve reduction
relating to the Classes of Shares to be cancelled but reduced by (i) any losses
(included carried forward losses) expressed as a positive amount, (ii) any sums
to be placed into reserve(s) pursuant to the requirements of Law or of the
Articles, each time as set out in the relevant Interim Accounts (without for the
avoidance of doubt, any double counting), (iii) any dividends to which is entitled
the holder(s) of the Class A Shares pursuant to the Articles and (iv) any Proﬁt
Entitlement so that:

AA = (NP + P+ CR) — (L + LR+OD+PE)

Whereby:

AA = Available Amount.

NP = net proﬁts (including carried forward proﬁts).

P = any freely distributable reserves.

CR = the amount of the capital reduction and legal reserve reduction
relating to the Classes of Shares to be cancelled.

L = losses (including carried forward losses) expressed as a positive
amount.

LR = any sums to be placed into reserve(s) pursuant to the requirements
of Law or of the Articles.

OD = any dividends to which is entitled the holder(s) of the Class A Shares
pursuant to the Articles.

PE = Proﬁt Entitlement;

"Available Liquidities” shall mean (i) all the cash held by the Company
(except for cash on term deposits with a remaining maturity exceeding six (6)
months), (ii) any readily marketable money market instruments, bonds and notes
and any receivable which in the opinion of the Board will be paid to the
Company in the short term less any indebtedness or other debt of the Company
payable in less than six (6) months determined on the basis of the Interim
Accounts relating to the relevant Class Period and (iii) any assets such as shares,
stock or securities of other kind held by the Company;

"Board" has the meaning given to it in article 3.2 of the Articles;

"Bureau" has the meaning given to it in article 16.5 of the Articles;

"Cancellation Value Per Share" shall be calculated by dividing the Total
Cancellation Amount to be applied to the Class of Shares to be repurchased and
cancelled by the number of Shares in issue in such Class of Shares except for the

Class B and C Shares where it is calculated as set forth in these Articles;


"Chair of the Board" has the meaning given to it in article 6.2 of the
Articles;

"Chair of the General Meeting" has the meaning given to it in article
16.4 of the Articles;

“Class B Period” has the meaning given to it in article 6.12 of the Articles;

“Class C Period” has the meaning given to it in article 6.13 of the Articles;

"Classes of Shares" or "Class of Shares" have the meaning given to them
in article 6.1 of the Articles;

“Class A Shares” has the meaning given to it in article 6.1 of the Articles;

“Class B Shares” has the meaning given to it in article 6.1 of the Articles;

“Class C Shares” has the meaning given to it in article 6.1 of the Articles;

"Company" has the meaning given to it in article 1.1 of the Articles;

"Conflicted Representative" has the meaning given to it in article 10.2 of
the Articles;

"General Meetings" means the general meetings of the Shareholder(s) of
the Company;

"Interim Accounts" means the interim accounts of the Company as at the
relevant Interim Account Date;

"Interim Account Date" means the date no earlier than eight (8) days
before the date of the repurchase and cancellation of a Class of Shares;

"Law" has the meaning given to it in article 1.1 of the Articles;

"Legal Reserve" has the meaning given to it in article 20.1 of the Articles;

"Manager(s)" has the meaning given to it in article 5.1 of the Articles;

"Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof;

"Proﬁt Entitlement” shall mean the dividend entitlements pursuant to the
Articles of the Classes of Shares not redeemed and cancelled;

"Share(s)" means any outstanding share issued by the Company, from
time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Articles;

"Shareholders" or "Shareholder" means any Person holding Company's
Shares or to whom such Shares are transferred or issued from time to time
(excluding the Company) in accordance with the terms of the Articles.

“Shareholders’ Resolution(s)” has the meaning given to it in article 13.1
of the Articles;

“Total Cancellation Amount” shall mean an amount not exceeding the
Available Amount relating to the relevant Class Period provided that such
Cancellation Amount cannot be higher than the Available Liquidities relating to

the relevant Class Period.
FORM, NAME, REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECT, DURATION


1. Form

1.1 There exists a company in the form of a private limited liability
company (société à responsabilité limitée) (the "Company") which shall be
governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, notably the
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the
"Law”) and the present articles of association (the "Articles").

1.2 The Company may have one sole shareholder or several
shareholders (the "Shareholder(s)"), provided that the number of Shareholders
does not exceed one hundred (100).

1.3 In case the number of Shareholders (for any reason whatsoever)
increases to over one hundred (100), the Company must be converted to another
form of company within one (1) year from when such number of Shareholders
was exceeded. In the event the Company has not been converted within this

period of one (1) year, competent authorities may request the liquidation of the

Company.
2. Company name
2.1 The Company exists under the name "TAN Lux S.à r.l.".
3. Registered ofﬁce
3.1 The Company has its registered ofﬁce in Capellen.
3.2 The sole manager or, as the case may be, the board of managers

of the Company (the "Board") is authorised to transfer the Company's registered
ofﬁce within the municipality of the Company's registered ofﬁce or to any other
municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and amend these Articles
accordingly.

3.3 Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by decision of the Board.

3.4 In the event that, in the opinion of the Board, extraordinary
political, economic or social developments occur or are imminent which would
interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered ofﬁce or with
the ease of communications with the said ofﬁce or between the said ofﬁce and
persons abroad, it may temporarily transfer the registered ofﬁce abroad, until the
end of these abnormal circumstances. Such a temporary measures will have no
effect on the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary
transfer of the registered ofﬁce, will remain a company governed by the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4. Corporate Object

4.1 The corporate object of the Company is the direct and indirect
acquisition and holding of stakes, in any form whatsoever, in Luxembourg
and/or foreign undertakings, as well as the administration, development and

management of these stakeholdings.


This includes without limitation the investment in, acquisition and disposal
of, grant or issuance, where applicable, (without a public offering with respect
to the issue by the Company of equity instruments and / or convertible debt
instruments) of preferred equity certiﬁcates, loans, bonds, notes, debentures and
other debt instruments (convertible or not), shares, warrants and other equity
instruments or rights, including without limitation, shares of capital stock,
limited partnership interests, limited-liability company interests, preferred stock,
securities and swaps, and any combination of the foregoing, in each case whether
readily marketable or not, as well as obligations (including without limitation
synthetic securities obligations) in any type of company, entity or other legal
person.

4.2 The Company may also use its funds to invest in real estate,
intellectual property rights or any other movable or immovable asset in any form
or of any kind.

4.3 The Company may grant pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages
and any other form of security as well as any form of indemnity, to Luxembourg
or foreign entities, in respect of its own obligations and debts.

4.4 The Company may also provide assistance in any form (including
without limitation the granting of advances, loans, money deposits and credit as
well as the provision of pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and any other form
of security) to the Company's subsidiaries. On a more occasional basis, the
Company may provide the same type of assistance to undertakings that form part
of the same group to which the Company belongs or to third parties, provided
that doing so is in the Company's interest and does not trigger any license
requirements.

4.5 In general, the Company may carry out any commercial,
industrial or ﬁnancial transactions and engage in those other activities as it
deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with,
the accomplishment and development of its corporate purpose.

4.6 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not enter into
any transaction that would cause it to be engaged in a regulated activity or one

that requires the Company to have a license.

5. Duration
5.1 The Company is established for an unlimited period of time.
5.2 The Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution

adopted, as the case may be, by the sole Shareholder or by the general meeting
of Shareholders (the "General Meeting") representing three quarters (3/4) of the
Company’s share capital.

5.3 Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or

insolvency or any other similar event regarding any of the Shareholders shall not


cause the dissolution of the Company.
SHARE CAPITAL, TRANSFER OF SHARES

6. Share capital

6.1 The Company's corporate capital is ﬁxed at four hundred and
sixty thousand Euros (EUR 460,000.-) represented by the following classes of
shares (the "Classes of Shares" or "Class of Shares" if considered individually
and together being hereafter referred to as the “Shares”):

- sixty thousand (60,000) class A shares with a nominal value of one Euro
(EUR l.-) each (the “Class A Shares”), all subscribed and fully paid up;

- three hundred thousand (3 00,000) class B shares with a nominal value of
one Euro (EUR l.-) each (the “Class B Shares”), all subscribed and fully paid
up;

- one hundred thousand (100,000) class C shares with a nominal value of
one Euro (EUR l.-) each (the “Class C Shares”) all subscribed and fully paid

up;

6.2 The authorised share capital is set at ﬁve hundred and sixty
thousand Euros (EUR 560,000), to be divided into either Class B Shares or Class
C Shares with a par value of one Euro (EUR l.-) each, with the same rights as
the existing Class B Shares or Class C Shares, as applicable. During a period
ending ﬁve (5) years after the date of incorporation of the Company,
authorisation is given to increase on one or more occasions the subscribed share
capital and issue new Class B Shares or Class C Shares within the limits of the
authorised capital to such persons and on such terms as the Board deems ﬁt, in
a maximum proportion of % of Class C Shares to % of Class B Shares at each
issuance of Shares in accordance with this article 6.2. The Class A Shares’
shareholder waives his/her/its rights to subscribe to Shares to be issued in
accordance with this article 6.2.

6.3 The authorised capital of the Company may be increased or
reduced by a resolution adopted, as the case may be, by the sole Shareholder or
by the General Meeting representing three quarters (3/4) of the Company’s share
capital.

6.4 The above authorisations may be renewed through a resolution
of, as the case may be, the sole Shareholder or the General Meeting adopted in
accordance with these Articles and subject to the provisions of the Law, each
time for a period not exceeding ﬁve (5) years.

6.5 In addition to the share capital, the Shareholder(s) will set up a
share premium account. Each Class B Share and Class C Share, must be
subscribed and fully paid up together with the payment of a compulsory share
premium of nine Euros (EUR 9.-) per share.

Any share premium may be used by the Company to redeem the


Company's own Shares from Shareholders, to offset any net realized losses, to
make distributions to Shareholders or to allocate funds to the legal reserve.

6.6 In addition to the share capital and share premium account, the
Company may maintain a capital contribution account 115 (compté 115 “Apport
en capitaux propres non rémunéré par des titres ”) on which the Company shall
allocate any capital contributions to the Company which will be made without
issue by the Company of any new Shares in consideration for the relevant
contribution.

6.7 The Company may acquire its own Shares. The Board may
decide to cancel the redeemed Shares and decide upon the capital reduction
corresponding to the number of redeemed Shares, but not falling below the
statutory minimum share capital, to be evidenced by a notarial deed. This
notarial deed needs to be established within the month of the cancellation and
the decision upon capital reduction by the Board.

6.8 Subject to always complying with applicable Law, the share
capital of the Company may from time to time be reduced by a resolution of the
General Meeting adopted in accordance with the provisions set out for an
amendment of these Articles by way of the redemption and cancellation of an
entire Class of Shares through the redemption and cancellation of all the Shares
in issue in such a class, provided that the order of redemption set out below and
the respective redemption period set out under articles 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 (as
appropriate) being respected.

6.9 The share capital of the Company may be reduced through the
repurchase and cancellation of one (1) or more entire Classes of Shares provided
however that the Company may at no time purchase and cancel the Class A
Shares.

6.10 Class A Shares and Class B Shares carry an obligation, for their
Shareholders and upon their subscription, to vote in favor of a Shareholders’
Resolution regarding the conversion of Class C Shares into Class A Shares or
Class B Shares as the case may be, pursuant to articles 1.1, 1.2 and 1.4 below.

6.11 The share capital of the Company may be reduced through the
repurchase and cancellation of one (1) entire Class of Shares per year provided
however that the Company may at no time purchase and cancel the Class A
Shares. In the case of repurchases and cancellations of Classes of Shares such
cancellations and repurchases of Shares shall be made in the following order:

. Class C Shares; and

. Class B Shares.

6.12 In the event of a reduction of share capital through the repurchase
and the cancellation of the Class B Shares, subject to the applicable provisions

of the Law, such Class of Shares entitles the holders thereof per each Class B


Share to an amount equal to the result of the following formula:

(€10 * 1.08 Mm * 1.12N/12) _ (z Dk * 1.08Qk/12 * 1.12 WW)

Where

M = equals the total number of months passed in the ﬁrst four (4) years
since the emission of each single Class B Share.

N = equals the number of months passed in the ﬁfth (5) year since the
emission of each single Class B Share.

k = equals a number from 1 to n, which refers in chronological order to the
dividends distributed (if any) to each single Class B Share since its emission.
(e. g. if a share was subject to 3 dividend distributions, then k will assume three
values (i.e. 1,2,3) referring to each distribution in chronological order).

Dk= equals the value of dividend number k, distributed to each single Class
B Share.

Qk= equals the total number of months passed from the date of the
distribution of Dividend k to the earliest of the two following events i) the end
of the fourth year since the emission of each single Class B Share, or ii) ii) the
cancellation of the Class B Shares.

Wk= equals the total number of months (if any) passed only in the ﬁfth (5)
year (i.e. the ﬁfth (5) year since the emission of each single Class B Share) from
the date of the distribution of Dk to the earliest of the two following events i) the
end of the ﬁfth (5) year since the emission of each single Class B Share, or ii)
the cancellation of the Class B Shares.

The general redemption period for Class B Shares shall be from the date
of their subscription up to (including) the ﬁfth (5) anniversary of the subscription
of the ﬁrst Class B Share (the “Class B Period”), it being understood that
(subject to applicable provisions of the law) the Company will have to
compulsory redeem all Class B Shares within the end of the Class B Period.

6.13 In the event of a reduction of share capital through the repurchase
and the cancellation of the Class C Shares, subject to the applicable provisions
of the Law, such Class C Shares entitles the holders thereof per each Class C
Share to an amount equal to the result of the following formula:

(€10 * 1.08 W * 1.125/12)—(2 DJ * 1.08UJ/12 * 1.12VJ/12)

Where

P = equals the total number of months passed in the ﬁrst four (4) years
since the emission of each single Class C Share.

S = equals the number of months passed in the ﬁfth (5) year since the
emission of each single Class C Share.

j = equals a number from 1 to n, which refers in chronological order to the
dividends distributed (if any) to each single Class C Share since its emission (e. g.

if a share was subject to 3 dividend distributions, then j will assume three values


(i.e. 1,2,3) referring to each distribution in chronological order).

Dj= equals the value of dividend number j, distributed to each single Class
C Share.

Uj= equals the total number of months passed from the date of the
distribution of Dividend j to the earliest of the two following events i) the end of
the fourth year since the emission of each single Class C Share, or ii) the
cancellation of the Class C Shares.

Vj= equals the total number of months (if any) passed only in the ﬁfth (5)
year (i.e. the ﬁfth (5) year since the emission of each single Class C Share) from
the date of the distribution of Di to the earliest of the two following events i) the
end of the ﬁfth (5) year since the emission of each single Class C Share, or ii)
the cancellation of the Class C Shares.

The general redemption period for Class C Shares shall be as from the date
of their subscription up to (including) the ﬁfth (5) anniversary of the subscription
of the ﬁrst Class C Share (the “Class C Period”), it being understood that the
Company will have to compulsory redeem all Class C Shares within the end of
the Class C Period, and that upon redemption, if such redemption occurs within
the 36th month from the subscription of the ﬁrst Class C Share, each holder of
Class C Shares may request, for such Class C Shares to be redeemed, their
immediate conversion into Class A Shares pursuant to the mechanism laid out
in Article 6.15 below.

1.1 The General Meeting may decide to convert part or all of the
Class C Shares into Class A Shares at the request of the holders of such Class C
Shares. Such request must be brought forward to the Board by the relevant holder
of Class C Shares within the period between the 24th month and the 36th month
from the subscription of the ﬁrst Class C Share issued by the Company (ie. from
the date of incorporation of the Company). Upon request by any holder of Class
C Shares, the Board of the Company will be obliged to, if such request is
received within the timeframe speciﬁed above, to call for a General Meeting to
resolve upon such request. In this case and for the purpose of the relevant
conversion, the pre-money valuation of the existing Class A Shares will
customarily set at three million Euros (EUR 3,000,000.-) increased by 8% per
annum from the subscription of the relevant Class C Shares.

1.2 Class A Shares and Class B Shares carry an obligation, for their
holders and upon their subscription, to vote in favor of a Shareholders’
Resolution regarding the conversion of Class C Shares into Class A Shares or
Class B Shares as the case may be, pursuant to articles 6.12, 6.13, and 6.14 of
these Articles.

1.3 In the 90 days following the 36th month from the issuance of the
ﬁrst Class C Share issued by the Company (ie from the date of incorporation of


the Company), the Board shall call for a General Meeting to resolve on the
conversion of all outstanding Class C Shares into Class B Shares.
1.4 In the event of any conversion of Class C Shares into Class B
Shares:
1. The conversion value for each new Class B Share issued will be of one
Euro (EUR 1.-);

11. Each such Class B Share must be subscribed and fully paid up together
with the payment of a compulsory share premium of nine Euros (EUR 9.-) per
share;

III. The value of each Class C Share conversion amount will be determined
according to article 6.13 above;

IV. The number of Class B Shares to be issued upon conversion of Class C
Shares will be rounded up to the nearest decimal taking into account their
nominal value of one (1) Euro (EUR 1.-) and their compulsory share premium
of nine (9) Euros (EUR 9.-) per share as set out in article 6.5 above respectively,
and the remaining amount resulting from the Class C Share redemption
calculation set out in article 6.13 above will be paid out in cash to each
Shareholder holding Class C Shares at the moment of their conversion into Class
C Shares;

V. The cancellation amount for each newly emitted Class B Share will be
calculated according to article 6.12 above, assuming the date of conversion as
the date of subscription of each such newly emitted Class B Share;

VI. The ﬁnal date for redemption of such newly emitted Class B Shares will
remain the end of the Class B Period, and the Company will have to compulsory
redeem all such newly emitted Class B Shares within the end of the Class B
Period.

1.5 The General Meeting may decide to increase the share capital of
the Company through the capitalisation of a liquid, due and payable receivable
held by a Shareholder against the Company and resulting from an approved but

not distributed dividend or interim dividend from the applicable ﬁscal year.

2. Shares
2.1 All Shares are and remain in registered form.
2.2 Ownership of a Share carries implicit acceptance of these Articles

and the Shareholders’ Resolutions.

2.3 One vote is attached to each Share, subject to the limitations
imposed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2.4 Each Share of the Company is indivisible vis-a-vis the Company.
Co-owners of Shares must be represented by a common representative vis-a-vis
the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights

attached to the Share until a common representative has been notiﬁed by the co-

10


owners to the Company in writing or by fax.

3. Transfer of Shares
3.1 The Company’s Shares may be transferred freely amongst the
Shareholders.

3.2 Where the Company has a sole Shareholder, such a Shareholder
may freely transfer his/her/its Shares.

3.3 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
Shares to third parties requires the consent of the Shareholders representing at
least half (1/2) of the issued Shares.

3.4 If a Shareholder intends to transfer one or more Shares to a third
party, this transferring Shareholder must send a notice to the Company with all
relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the transferee,
the transfer price, and, if relevant, the conditions applicable to the transfer.

3.5 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the Shareholders in
accordance with article 3.3, the Shareholders may, within three (3) months from
the date of refusal by the Company, acquire the Share(s), unless otherwise
agreed, or procure the acquisition of the Share(s) at a price determined in
accordance with these Articles and the terms of the proposed transfer set out
under 3.4 and any other terms and conditions negotiated between the parties,
with the exception of the transferring Shareholder deciding not to proceed with
the transfer. Upon request of the Board, the period of three (3) months can be
extended by the judge of the Luxembourg district court (Tribunal
d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and interim relief, it being
understood that this extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

3.6 The Company may within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring Shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by
an amount corresponding to the aggregate par value of the relevant Share(s) and
(ii) redeem and cancel those Shares at a price determined in good faith between
the transferring Shareholder and the Board. If the transferring Shareholder does
not consent to the capital reduction, the transfer shall in such a case take place
in accordance with articles 3.3 and 3.5.

3.7 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
Shares to third parties for reasons of death of any Shareholder requires the
consent of the Shareholders representing at least half (l/2) of the issued Shares
belonging to the surviving Shareholders.

3.8 If after the period mentioned under article 3 .5 neither the existing
Shareholders have acquired nor the Company has redeemed its Shares, the
transferring Shareholder may freely sell his/her/its Shares to the proposed new
Shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notiﬁed to the

Company.

11


3.9 Any transfer of Shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or
under private seal. No transfer of Shares is binding vis-a-vis the Company or vis-
a-vis third parties unless duly notiﬁed to the Company or accepted by the
Company in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law on transfers of
claims, in particular, without limitation, article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil
Code.

4. Share capital increase

The share capital of the Company may be increased once or several times
by the Shareholders in accordance with these Articles and the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg applicable to any amendment of these Articles, provided
that:

(i) any increase of the share capital (a) shall be made proportionately within
each outstanding Class of Shares of the Company and (b) must result in each
Shareholder holding a proportionate part of each outstanding Class of Shares of
the Company;

(ii) any subdivision of a Class of Shares into new classes of Shares must
result in each shareholder of the former undivided Class of Shares holding a
proportionate part of each new subdivided Class of Shares; and

(iii) any combination or aggregation of Classes of Shares into a new Class of
Shares must result in each Shareholder of the former Classes of Shares holding
a proportionate part of the new, combined Class of Shares.

BOARD; AUDITOR

5. Managers

5.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers, who
do not need to be Shareholders (the "Manager(s)").

5.2 The Managers are appointed by the Shareholders who determine
(i) their number, (ii) their remuneration and (iii) the limited or unlimited duration
of their mandate.

5.3 The Managers will hold ofﬁce until their successors are elected.
They may be re-elected and may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the Shareholders.

5.4 The Shareholders may decide to qualify the appointed Managers
as class A managers and class B managers respectively.

5.5 Even after the term of their mandate, the Managers are not
entitled to disclose conﬁdential information of the Company or any Company
information which may be detrimental to the Company's interests, except when
such a disclosure is mandatory by law.

5.6 The sole Manager or, as the case may be, the Board may confer
its powers to conduct the daily management and affairs of the Company and

represent the Company in relation to such a daily management and affairs on any

12


Manager(s) or any other person, who need not be a Shareholder, acting alone or
jointly, at such terms as the sole Manager or, as the case may be the Board, shall
determine. Their appointment removal and powers shall be determined either by
these Articles or by a resolution of the Board.

6. Board of Managers

6.1 Where more than one Manager has been appointed, the Managers
will constitute a Board.

6.2 The Board may appoint a Manager as its chair (the "Chair of the

Board").
7. Powers of Board
7.1 The Board is vested with full powers to act on behalf of the

Company and to authorize, on behalf of the Company, all acts which the Board,
in its full discretion, deems necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company's
object. All powers not expressly reserved by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg to the Shareholders fall within the competence of the Board.

7.2 The Board may also set up one or more committee(s) and
determine its/their composition and powers and delegate certain powers and/or
special mandates to them.

7.3 The Board may confer certain powers and/or special mandates to
act on behalf of and bind the Company, vis-a-vis third parties, to one or several
Manager(s), Shareholder(s) or third person(s), any of these acting either alone or
jointly as determined by the Board.

7.4 In case of a sole Manager, the aforesaid powers in this article 7
shall be invested in the sole Manager.

8. Meetings of the Board and written decisions

8.1 The Board will meet upon the request of any Manager, and where
there are both class A Managers and class B Managers, by at least one Manager
of each class.

8.2 The Chair of the Board, or any Manager or an authorized
representative, in case no Chair of the Board has been appointed, will inform the
other Managers of the place, date, time and agenda of the meeting by written
notice or email. No separate notice is required for meetings held at places, dates
and times speciﬁed in a time schedule previously adopted by a decision of the
Board and in case of urgency.

8.3 The above-mentioned notice requirement may be waived in
writing by the concerned Manager(s) or by the unanimous written consent of all
Managers at the relevant meeting of the Board.

8.4 At each Board meeting, the Board shall appoint the chair of the
relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the Managers present or represented

at such a meeting.

13


8.5 The Board may also appoint a secretary, whether a Manager or
not, who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meeting.

8.6 Managers may attend and act at any Board meeting by appointing
another Manager in writing as her/his representative.

8.7 Managers may participate and express their vote in a Board
meeting by means of a conference call, by videoconference or by any similar
means of communication enabling several persons participating therein to
simultaneously communicate with each other. These methods of participation
are to be considered as equivalent to a physical presence at the relevant meeting
deemed to be held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

8.8 A quorum of the Board shall be the presence or the representation
of a majority of the Managers holding ofﬁce, provided, whenever applicable,
that at least a class A Manager and a class B Manager are present. Decisions will
be taken by a maj ority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at the
relevant meeting and this maj ority shall at least, whenever applicable, include a
class A Manager and a class B Manager. In the case of a tied vote, the Chair of
the Board does not have a casting vote.

8.9 The minutes of Board meetings must be drawn up and signed by
all Managers present at the relevant meeting. Any powers of attorney shall
remain attached to the minutes.

8.10 A written resolution signed by all Managers is proper and valid
as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board which was duly
convened and held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company. Such a resolution
can be documented in either a single document signed by all Managers or in
several separate documents all with the same content each of them signed by one
or several Managers.

811 Where only one Manager has been appointed, such Manager has
full power to act on behalf of and validly bind the Company without the need of
any decision in writing or minutes of the sole Manager’s decisions.

8.12 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the Board meeting shall be
certiﬁed by the Board.

9. Representation of the Company

9.1 Where only one Manager has been appointed, the Company will
be bound vis-a-vis third parties by the sole signature of that Manager as well as
by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom such a Manager has
delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

9.2 Where the Company is managed by a Board, the Company will
be bound vis-a-vis third parties by the joint signatures of any two Managers as
well as by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom the Board has

delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

14


9.3 Notwithstanding the above, the Company will be bound vis-a-vis
third parties only by the joint signatures of one class A manager and one class B
manager if the Shareholder(s) has/have qualiﬁed the Managers as class A
managers and class B managers as well as by the joint or single signature of any
person(s) to whom the Board has delegated signatory authority, within the limits
of such an authority.

10. Conﬂict of Interests

10.1 Subject to the following, the conﬂict of interest rules as set out in
article 441-7 of the Law shall apply.

10.2 No contract or other business between the Company and any third
party company or ﬁrm shall be affected or invalidated by the sole fact that one
or several duly authorized representatives of the Company, including but not
limited to any Manager, (i) has a direct or indirect ﬁnancial interest conﬂicting
with the interests of the Company, or (ii) is a duly authorized representative
and/or Shareholder of such other company or ﬁrm (the "Conﬂicted
Representative").

10.3 Except as otherwise provided for hereafter, the Conﬂicted
Representative shall not be automatically prevented from participating in the
deliberations or voting on any such transaction, contract or other business. For
all contracts or other business not (i) falling within the scope of the day-to-day
management of the Company, (ii) being concluded in the Company's ordinary
course of business and (iii) being concluded at arm's length, the Conﬂicted
Representative shall inform the Board of any such personal interest and shall
not deliberate or vote on any such transaction or other business, and the
Shareholders shall be notiﬁed of such a transaction or other business and the
Conﬂicted Representative's interest therein. Where by reason of conﬂicts of
interest on a speciﬁc transaction, contract or other business, the requirements
provided under article 8.8 of these Articles in order to deliberate and vote on
such a transaction, contract or other business are not fulﬁlled, the Board may
decide to submit the decision on such a transaction, contract or other business to
the approval of the General Meeting.

10.4 If the Conﬂicted Representative is the sole Manager, the relevant
contract or other business not (i) being concluded in the Company's ordinary
course of business and (ii) being concluded at arm's length shall be approved by
the General Meeting or the sole Shareholder (as the case may be).

10.5 The daily manager(s) of the Company, if any, are mutatis
mutandis subject to articles 10.2 to 10.4 of these Articles. If only one (1) daily
manager has been appointed and becomes a Conﬂicted Representative, the
relevant decision shall be adopted by the Board. Where by reason of conﬂicts of

interest on a speciﬁc transaction, contract or other business, the requirements

15


provided under article 8.8 of these Articles in order to deliberate and vote on
such a transaction, contract or other business are not fulﬁlled, the daily
manager(s) may decide to submit the decision on such a transaction, contract or
other business to the approval of the Board.

11. Indemniﬁcation of Managers

11.1 The Company will indemnify its Manager(s), and, if applicable,
their successors, heirs, executors and administrators, against damages and
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Manager(s) is/(are) party for being or having been Manager(s) of
the Company or, at the request of the Company, of any other company of which
the Company is a Shareholder or creditor if and to the extent they are not entitled
to indemniﬁcation by this other company.

11.2 Indemniﬁcation will only be provided if and to the extent the
Manager(s) is/(are) not ﬁnally adjudged in an action, suit or proceeding to be
liable for gross negligence or misconduct.

11.3 In the event of a settlement, indemniﬁcation will only be
provided if and to the extent the Company is advised by its legal counsel that the
Manager(s) did not commit a breach of his/her duties.

11.4 The foregoing right of indemniﬁcation does not exclude other
rights to which the Manager(s) and, if applicable its/(their) successors, heirs,
executors and administrators may be entitled.

12. Audit

12.1 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d ’entreprises agréé)
is required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company
has more than sixty (60) Shareholders, the Company's annual accounts are to be
audited by one or more statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes), which
can either be one or several Shareholders or third persons.

12.2 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d ’entreprises agréé)
is required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company
has sixty (60) or less Shareholders, the Shareholders may decide, without being
obliged to do so, to have the annual accounts audited by one or more statutory
auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes), being either Shareholders or third
persons.

12.3 The auditor(s) shall be appointed by the Shareholders who shall
determine the (i) number of auditor(s), (ii) remuneration of the auditor(s) and
(iii) duration of the mandate of the auditor(s). The auditor(s) will hold ofﬁce
until their successors are elected. They may be re-elected at the end of their term
and they may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the
Shareholders.

SHAREHOLDERS

16


13. Shareholders' Resolutions

13.1 The Shareholders decide by passing resolutions either in General
Meetings or, subject to the limitations set forth in these Articles and the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, by written resolutions (the “Shareholders’
Resolution(s)”).

13.2 Any amendment to the Articles (including the change of
nationality) must be approved by a majority of Shareholders representing three-
quarters (3/4) of the issued share capital, except as otherwise required by the
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or by the Articles.

13.3 All other Shareholders' Resolutions will be adopted by
Shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the issued share capital of the
Company, except as otherwise required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or by the Articles. In case the quorum is not reached at the ﬁrst
meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened or consulted a second time, by
registered letter, and decisions shall be adopted by a majority of the votes cast,
regardless of the portion of issued share capital represented.

13.4 The Board may suspend the voting rights of any Shareholder in
breach of its obligations under these Articles and/or any other contractual
arrangements entered into by any such Shareholder.

13.5 A Shareholder may individually decide not to exercise,
temporarily or permanently, all or part of its voting rights. The waiving
Shareholder is bound by such a waiver which shall become mandatory to the
Company upon notiﬁcation to the latter.

13.6 In case the voting rights of one or several Shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 13.4 hereof or the exercise of the voting
rights has been waived by one or several Shareholders in accordance with article
13.5 hereof, such Shareholders may attend any General Meeting but the Shares
they hold are not taken into account for the determination of the conditions of
quorum and majority to be complied with at the General Meeting.

14. Written Resolutions

14.1 If the Company has sixty (60) or less Shareholders, the
Shareholders' Resolutions do not have to be passed in General Meetings but may

also be passed by written resolution.
14.2 The text of resolutions to be adopted by written resolution will be

sent to the Shareholders in writing by the Board by registered letter, letter, e-
mail or fax. Shareholders are under the obligation to cast their vote and send it
back to the Board by registered letter, letter, e-mail or fax within fifteen (15)
days as from the receipt of the letter. Any votes not cast within this time frame
will be considered as having abstained from voting.

14.3 The formal requirements set forth in article 14.2 of the Articles

17


for passing written Shareholders' Resolutions may be waived by unanimous
written resolution of all Shareholders in the relevant written resolution or
otherwise.

14.4 The formal requirements set forth in article 14.2 of the Articles
for passing written Shareholders' Resolutions do not apply if the Company has
only one Shareholder. All resolutions adopted by a sole Shareholder must,
however, be documented in writing and signed by the sole Shareholder.

14.5 Any copies or extracts of the written Shareholders' Resolutions
shall be certiﬁed by the Board.

15. General Meetings

15.1 An annual General Meeting needs only be held if the Company
has more than sixty (60) Shareholders. In that case, it must be held within six (6)
months of the end of each ﬁnancial year at the registered ofﬁce of the Company
or any such place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be speciﬁed in the
convening notice of such meeting.

15.2 Extraordinary General Meetings are convened in accordance with
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by notice of the Board, the
auditor(s) of the Company or the Shareholder(s) representing at least half (1/2)
of the issued share capital of the Company (as the case may be).

15.3 A General Meeting may only be held abroad if, in the opinion of
the Board, this should be necessary due to circumstances of force majeure.

15.4 The notice convening the General Meeting shall indicate the
place, date, time and agenda of the meeting and shall be sent to the Shareholders
at least eight (8) days prior to the meeting. The above mentioned notice
requirement may be waived in writing by the concerned Shareholder(s) or by the
unanimous written consent of all Shareholders at the relevant meeting of the
Shareholders.

15.5 Any duly constituted General Meeting represents all the
Shareholders of the Company.

15.6 If the Company has only a sole Shareholder, this sole Shareholder
exercises the powers granted to the General Meeting by the applicable law and
these Articles. Articles 710-18 to 710-22 and 710-26 of the Law are not
applicable to that situation.

16. Procedure at General Meetings

16.1 A Shareholder may act at a General Meeting by appointing a
representative, who does not have to be a Shareholder, in writing or by fax.

16.2 Shareholder(s) may participate in a General Meeting by means of
a conference call, by videoconference or by any similar means of communication
enabling several persons to communicate with each other. Such participation

shall be deemed equivalent to a physical presence at the relevant meeting.

18


16.3 The Board may determine all other conditions that must be
fulﬁlled in order to take part in a General Meeting.

16.4 At each meeting of the Shareholders, the Shareholders shall
appoint the chair of the relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the
Shareholders present or represented at such a meeting (the "Chair of the
General Meeting").

16.5 The Chair of the General Meeting will appoint a secretary. The
Shareholders will appoint one or several scrutineer(s). The Chairman of the
General Meeting together with the secretary and the scrutineer(s) form the
bureau of the General Meeting (the "Bureau").

16.6 An attendance list indicating the (i) name of the Shareholders, (ii)
number of Shares held by them and, if applicable, (iii) name of the
representative, must be drawn up and signed by the members of the Bureau.

16.7 Minutes of the resolutions of the General Meeting shall be drawn
up and signed by the Bureau.

16.8 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the General Meeting shall be
certiﬁed by the Board.

17. Right to information

One or several Shareholders holding together at least ten percent (10%) of
the share capital or the voting rights of the Company may submit questions in
writing to the Board relating to transactions in connection with the management
of the Company as well as companies controlled by the Company; with respect
to the latter, such questions shall be assessed in consideration of the relevant
entities' corporate interest. In the absence of a response within one (1) month,
the relevant Shareholder(s) may request the judge of the Luxembourg district
court (Tribunal d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and
interim relief, to appoint one or several experts in charge of presenting a report
on such related transactions referred to in the written question(s).

FINANCIAL YEAR, DISTRIBUTIONS OF EARNINGS

18. Financial year

The Company's ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst day of the month of
January and ends on the last day of the month of December.

19. Approval of ﬁnancial statements

19.1 At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the
Board will draw up the annual accounts of the Company in accordance with the
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

19.2 The Board will submit the annual accounts of the Company to the
Company's auditor(s), if any, for review and to the Shareholders for approval.

19.3 Each Shareholder may inspect the annual accounts at the

registered ofﬁce of the Company as provided for by the laws of the Grand Duchy

19


of Luxembourg.

20. Allocation of Proﬁts

20.1 From the annual net proﬁts of the Company (if any), 5% (ﬁve per
cent) shall be allocated to a legal reserve (the "Legal Reserve“). This allocation
shall cease to be required as soon as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10% (ten per
cent) of the share capital of the Company, but shall again be compulsory if the
Legal Reserve falls below 10% (ten per cent) of the share capital of the
Company.

20.2 After allocation to the Legal Reserve, the Shareholders shall
determine how the remainder of the annual net proﬁts will be disposed of. It may
decide to allocate the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve or to a provision,
to carry it forward to the following ﬁnancial year or to distribute it, together with
proﬁts carried forward from previous ﬁnancial years, distributable reserves or
share premium, to the Shareholders as dividend.

20.3 In any year in which the Shareholders resolves to make a dividend
distribution, drawn from net proﬁts and from available reserves derived from
retained earnings, including any share premium, the amount allocated to this
effect shall be distributed in the following order of priority:

(a) the holders of Class A Shares shall be entitled to receive a
preferential dividend distribution with respect to such a year in an amount of ten
per cent (10%) of the nominal value of the Class A Shares held by them, then

(b) the holders of Class B Shares shall be entitled to receive a
preferential dividend distribution with respect to such a year in an amount of one
per cent (1%) of the nominal value of the Class B Shares held by them, then

(c) the holders of Class C Shares shall be entitled to receive a
preferential dividend distribution with respect to such a year in an amount of two
per cent (2%) of the nominal value of the Class C Shares held by them.

20.4 The holders of the Class of Shares that may be redeemed and
cancelled at the time of the relevant dividend distribution pursuant to these

Articles shall be entitled to receive the remainder of any relevant dividend

distribution.
21. Interim dividends
21.1 The Board is authorized to pay out interim dividends, provided

that current interim accounts have been drawn up and that said interim accounts
show that the Company has sufﬁcient available funds for such a distribution, in
accordance with the conditions set forth under article 710-25 of the Law.
DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION
22. Dissolution and liquidation
22.1 The dissolution of the Company may be resolved by its

Shareholders with the same quorum and majority required to amend these

20


Articles, unless otherwise provided by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

22.2 Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried
out by one or more liquidators appointed by the Shareholders determining
powers and compensation of the liquidator(s).

22.3 After payment of all the outstanding debts of and charges against
the Company, including taxes and expenses pertaining to the liquidation process,
the remaining net assets of the Company shall be distributed equally to the
Shareholders pro rata to the number of the Shares held by them.

APPLICABLE LAW

23. Applicable law

All matters not governed by these Articles shall be determined by the
applicable provisions of Luxembourg law.

SUBSCRIPTION - PAYMENT
Thereupon, the Appearing Parties declare to subscribe the entire share

capital as follows:

Number of Subscribed Shares
Tan Holdings s.r.1.‚ prenamed 60,000 class A shares

TAN 2.0 LP, prenamed 300,000 class B shares
100,000 class C shares

All the shares of the Company have been fully paid-up by way of a

 

contribution in cash of an amount of four hundred and sixty thousand Euros
(EUR 460,000.-) so that the Company’s subscribed and issued share capital of
four hundred and sixty thousand Euros (EUR 460,000.-) is now at the disposal
of the Company, proof of which has been given to the undersigned notary.
TRAN SITION AL DISPOSITION S

The ﬁrst fiscal year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the

Company and shall terminate on 31 December 2019.
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

The Appearing Parties, represented by the Representative, in their capacity
as shareholders of the Company, thereupon took the following resolutions:

A. The Company shall be represented by two (2) managers (the
“Managers”).

B. The following are appointed as Managers for an unlimited period:

1. Mrs Franca SORGI, residing at 4, rue Antoine-Francois Van Der
Meulen, L-2152 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

2. Mr Filippo GIOVANNINI, residing at Via Paleocapa 4, 20121 Milan,
Italy.

C. Mrs Franca SORGI, residing at 4, rue Antoine-Francois Van Der
Meulen, L-2152 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as

21


daily manager of the Company (délégué à la gestion journalière).

D. The registered ofﬁce of the Company shall be at 75, Parc d’Activités,

L-83 08 Capellen, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Expenses

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will
have to be borne by the Company as a result of this deed are estimated at
approximatively two thousand Euros (EUR 2,000.-).

Statement

The undersigned notary, who understands English, states that, on request
of the Appearing Party, the present deed is worded in English followed by a
French version and that, in case of any discrepancies between the English and
the French version, the English version shall prevail.

WHEREOF the present notarial deed was drawn up in J unglinster, on the
day named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read in the language of the appearing person,
acting as said before, known to the notary by surname, Christian name, civil
status and residence, the said mandatory signed together with Us the notary the
present deed.

SUIT LA VERSION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-huit décembre.

Pardevant Maitre Jean SECKLER, notaire de résidence à Junglinster,
(Grand-Duché de Luxembourg), soussigné.

A COMPARU

1. TAN Holdings s.r.l., une société constituée et existante selon les lois
d’Italie, ayant son siege social au Viale Majno 26, (20129) Milano, Italie et
immatriculée auprès du registre des sociétés de l’Italie sous le numéro
07530270961; dûment représentée par son Directeur Général Filippo
Giovannini, et

2. TAN 2.0 LP, SCSp, une société en commandite spéciale, régie par les
lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg (la «Société en Commandite»),
représentée par son associé commandite, TAN ICGP S.à r.l., une société à
responsabilité limitée, constituée et existante selon les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, ayant son siege social au L-8308 Capellen, 75, Parc d'Activités,
Luxembourg et immatriculée au Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés à
Luxembourg sous le numéro B230118 (l’<<Associé Commandité») agissant en
sa qualité d’associé commandite de la Société en Commandite,

(les «Parties Comparantes >>),

Ici représentées par Monsieur Henri DA CRUZ, employé, demeurant à
J unglinster, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg (le << Mandataire >>) en vertu de deux

procurations données sous seing privé.

22


Lesdites procurations, après avoir été signées ne varietur par le Mandataire
et par le notaire soussigné, resteront annexées au présent acte pour être soumises
avec lui aux formalités de l’enregistrement.

Les Parties Comparantes, représentées comme indiqué ci-dessus, ont
requis le notaire instrumentant d’établir comme suit les statuts d’une société à
responsabilité limitée qu’elles déclarent constituer :

« STATUTS
DEFINITIONS

<< Assemblées Générales >> désigne les assemblées générales du/des
Associés de la Société ;

<< Associé >> ou << Associés >> désigne toute Personne détenant des Parts
Sociale de la Société ou à laquelle de telles Parts Sociales ont été cédées ou au
bénéﬁce de laquelle la Société a émis de telles Parts Sociales, de temps à autre,
conformément aux termes des présents Statuts (à l’exception de la Société) ;

<< Bureau >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 21.5 des Statuts ;

<< Catégories de Parts Sociales >> ou << Catégorie de Parts Sociales >> a le
sens qui leur est donné à l’article 6.1 des Statuts ;

<< Comptes Intérimaires >> désigne les comptes intérimaires de la Société
à une Date de Comptes Intérimaires donnée ;

<< Conseil >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 3.2 des Statuts ;

<< Date de Comptes Intérimaires >> désigne la date qui ne peut être
inférieure au huitième (8) jour précédant le rachat et l’annulation d’une
Catégorie de Parts Sociales ;

<< Droit au Bénéﬁce >> désigne les droits aux dividendes conformément
aux présents Statuts sur les Catégories de Parts Sociales non rachetés et annulées;

<< Gérant(s) >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 10.1;

<< Liquidités Disponibles >> désigne (i) toutes les espèces détenues par la
Société (à l'exception des espèces sur les dépôts à terme dont l'échéance
résiduelle est supérieure à six mois), (ii) tout instrument du marché monétaire
facilement négociable, obligations et reconnaissances de dettes et toute créance
qui, de l'avis du Conseil, sera payée à la Société à court terme moins tout
endettement ou autre dette de la Société payable à moins de six (6) mois,
déterminé sur la base des Comptes Intermédiaires relatifs àla Période de Rachat
de Catégorie concernée (ou Nouvelle Période de Rachat, selon le cas) et (iii) tout
actif tel que des parts sociales, actions ou autres titres détenus par la Société ;

<< Loi >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 1.1 des Statuts ;

<< Montant Disponible >> désigne le montant total des bénéfices nets de la
Société (en ce compris les bénéﬁces reportés), augmentés de (i) toutes réserves
librement distribuables (y compris la prime d’émission et le compte 115), et (ii)

le cas échéant, par le montant de la réduction de capital social et de la réduction

23


de la réserve légale liée à la Catégorie de Parts Sociales devant être rachetée ou
annulée mais réduite de (i) toutes pertes (en ce compris les pertes reportées)
exprimées en un montant positif, (ii) toutes sommes devant être placées en
réserve(s) conformément aux exigences de la Loi ou des Statuts, tel que reﬂété
dans les Comptes Intérimaires concernés, (iii) tous dividendes auxquels a droit
le ou les détenteur(s) des Parts Sociales de Catégorie A conformément aux
Statuts et (iv) tous Droits aux Bénéﬁces, de telle manière que :

AA=(NP+P+CR)—(L+LR+PE)

où:

AA = Montant Disponible.

NP = bénéﬁces nets (incluant les bénéﬁces reportés).

P = toutes réserves librement distribuables.

CR = le montant de la réduction de capital social et de la réduction de la
réserve légale liée à la Catégorie de Parts Sociales devant être rachetée ou
annulée.

L = pertes (incluant toutes pertes reportées) exprimées en un montant
positif.

LR = toutes sommes devant être placées en réserve(s) conformément aux
exigences de la Loi ou des Statuts.

OD = tous dividendes auxquels a droit le ou les détenteur(s) des Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A conformément aux Statuts.

PE = les Droits aux Bénéﬁces.

<< Montant Total d’Annulation >> désigne un montant n’excédant pas le
Montant Disponible relatif à la Période de Rachat de Catégorie concernée sous
réserve qu’un tel Montant Total d’Annulation ne soit pas supérieur aux
Liquidités Disponibles relatives àla Période de Rachat de Catégorie concernée ;

<< Parts Sociales >> désigne toute part sociale émise par la Société, de temps
à autre, conformément aux Statuts ;

<< Parts Sociales de Catégorie A >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article
6.1 des Statuts ;

<< Parts Sociales de Catégorie B >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article
6.1 des Statuts ;

<< Parts Sociales de Catégorie C >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article
6.1 des Statuts ;

<< Période de Rachat de Catégorie B >> a le sens qui lui est donné à
l’article 6.12 des Statuts ;

<< Période de Rachat de Catégorie C >> a le sens qui lui est donné à
l’article 6.13 des Statuts ;

<< Personne >> désigne un particulier, une société, une société en

commandite, une société à responsabilité limitée, une association, un trust ou

24


toute autre forme de société ou d’organisation, en ce inclus une sous-division
gouvernementale ou politique ou une agence ou un service gouvernemental ou
politique ;

<< Président de l’Assemblée Générale >> a le sens qui lui est donné à
l’article 21.4 des Statuts ;

<< Président du Conseil >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 11.2 des
Statuts ;

<< Réserve Légale >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 25.1 des Statuts ;

<< Résolutions des Associés >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 18.1 des
Statuts

<< Représentant en Conﬂit >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 15.2 des
Statuts ;

<< Société >> a le sens qui lui est donné à l’article 1.1 des Statuts ;

<< Statuts >> désigne les statuts de la Société, tels que modiﬁés le cas
échéant ;

<< Valeur d’Annulation par Part Sociale >> est calculé en divisant le
Montant Total d’Annulation à appliquer àla Catégorie de Parts Sociales rachetée
et annulée par le nombre de Parts Sociales émises dans ladite Catégorie de Parts
Sociales, à l’exception des Parts Sociales de Catégorie B et des Parts Sociales de
Catégorie C pour lesquelles elle est calculée selon les dispositions des présents
Statuts.

FORME, DENOMINATION, SIEGE SOCIAL, OBJET, DUREE

1. Forme

1.1 11 est formé une société sous la forme d'une société à
responsabilité limitée (la << Société >>) qui est régie par les lois du Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg, notamment par la loi luxembourgeoise du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (la << L0i >>), ainsi que
par les présents statuts (les << Statuts >>).

1.2 La Société peut compter un associé unique ou plusieurs associés
(1'<< Associé >> ou les << Associés >>), à condition que le nombre d'associés
n’excède pas cent (100).

1.3 Si le nombre d’Associés excède (pour quelque raison que ce soit)
la limite de cent (100), la Société doit être convertie en une autre forme de société
dans un délai d’un (1) an à compter de la date à laquelle cette limite a été
dépassée. Dans le cas où la conversion n’a pas lieu, les autorités compétentes
pourraient demander la liquidation de la Société.

2. Dénomination

La Société existe sous la dénomination << TAN Lux S.à r.l. >>.

3. Siège Social

3.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la municipalité de

25


Capellen.

3.2 Le gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le conseil de gérance de la
Société (le << Conseil >>) est autorisé à changer l'adresse du siège social de la
Société dans la municipalité au sein de laquelle le siège social de la Société est
établi ou dans toute autre municipalité du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et à
modiﬁer les présents Statuts en conséquence.

3.3 Des succursales ou autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soit à l'étranger par une décision du Conseil.

3.4 Au cas où le Conseil estimerait que des événements
extraordinaires d'ordre politique, économique ou social sont ou seraient de
nature à compromettre l'activité normale de la Société au siège social ou la
communication aisée avec ce siège ou entre ce siège social et des personnes à
l'étranger, elle pourra transférer temporairement le siège social de la Société à
l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation complète de ces circonstances anormales. Ces
mesures provisoires n'auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle,
nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du siège social, restera régie par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4. Objet social

41 La Société a pour objet social la prise de participations, de
quelque forme que ce soit, directes ou indirectes et la détention de ces
participations dans toutes entreprises luxembourgeoises ou étrangères ainsi que
l’administration, la gestion et la mise en valeur de ces participations.

Ceci inclut, notamment, l'investissement, l'acquisition, la vente, l'octroi ou
l'émission, selon le cas, (sans offre publique concernant l’émission par la Société
d’instruments de capital et/ou autres instruments de dettes convertibles) de
certiﬁcats de capital préférentiels, prêts, obligations, reconnaissances de dettes
et autres formes de dettes (convertibles ou non), parts sociales, bons de
souscriptions et autres instruments de capital ou droits, incluant sans limitation,
des parts de capital social, participations dans une association (limited
partnership), participations dans une société à responsabilité limitée (limited
liability company), parts préférentielles, valeurs mobilières et swaps, et toute
combinaison de ce qui précède, qu'ils soient immédiatement réalisables ou non,
ainsi que des obligations (incluant notamment des obligations relatives à des
titres synthétiques) de sociétés, entités ou autres personnes juridiques de tout
type.

4.2 La Société peut employer ses fonds pour investir dans
l’immobilier, les droits de propriété intellectuelle ou dans tout autre actif
mobilier ou immobilier, de tout type et sous quelque forme que ce soit.

4.3 La Société peut accorder des gages, garanties, privilèges,

hypothèques et toute autre forme de sûretés ainsi que toute forme d'indemnités,

26


à des entités luxembourgeoises ou étrangères, en relation avec ses propres
obligations et dettes.

4.4 La Société peut accorder toute forme d'assistance (incluant
notamment l'octroi d'avances, prêts, dépôts d'argent et crédits ainsi que l'octroi
de gages, garanties, privilèges, hypothèques et toute autre forme de suretés) aux
ﬁliales de la Société. De manière plus occasionnelle, la Société peut accorder le
même type d'assistance aux sociétés qui font partie du même groupe de sociétés
que la Société ou à des tiers, sous condition que cela tombe dans l'intérêt social
de la Société et qu’une telle assistance n’engendre pas l’obligation pour la
Société d’obtenir une autorisation spéciﬁque.

4.5 D'une manière générale, la Société peut effectuer toute opération
commerciale, industrielle ou ﬁnancière et s'engager dans toute autre activité
qu'elle jugera nécessaire, conseillée, appropriée, incidente à, ou non
contradictoire, avec l'accomplissement et le développement de son objet social.

4.6 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société n’entrera dans aucune
transaction qui entraînerait son engagement dans une quelconque activité qui
serait considérée comme une activité réglementée ou qui requerrait de la Société

l’obtention de toute autre autorisation spéciﬁque.

5. Durée
5.1 La Société est établie pour une durée illimitée.
5.2 La Société peut être dissoute à tout moment par une décision

prise, selon le cas, par l’Associé unique ou par l’assemblée générale des Associés
(l’« Assemblée Générale >>) représentant les trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social
de la Société.

5.3 Le décès, la suspension des droits civiques, la dissolution, la
faillite ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire qui toucherait l’un
quelconque des Associés n’entrainera pas la dissolution de la Société.

CAPITAL SOCIAL, CESSION DE PARTS SOCIALES

6. Capital Social

6.1 Le capital social de la Société est ﬁxé à quatre cent soixante mille
euros (EUR 460.000,-), représenté par les catégories de parts sociales suivantes
(les << Catégories de Parts Sociales >> ou individuellement la << Catégorie de
Parts Sociales >>, et ensemble les << Parts Sociales >>) :

- soixante mille (60.000) parts sociales de catégorie A ayant une valeur
nominale d’un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie A >>),
toutes souscrites et intégralement libérées ;

- trois cent mille (300.000) parts sociales de catégorie B ayant une valeur
nominale d’un euro (EUR 1,-) (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie B >>), toutes
souscrites et intégralement libérées ; et

- cent mille (100.000) parts sociales de catégorie C ayant une valeur

27


nominale d’un euro (EUR l,-) (les << Parts Sociales de Catégorie C >>), toutes
souscrites et intégralement libérées .

6.2 Le capital social autorisé est ﬁxé à cinq cent soixante mille euros
(EUR 560.000,-), à diviser soit en Parts Sociales de Catégorie B ou en Parts
Sociales de Catégorie C ayant une valeur nominale d'un euro (EUR l,-) chacune
et ayant les mêmes droits que les Parts Sociales de Catégorie B ou les Parts
Sociales de Catégorie C existantes, selon le cas. Au cours d'une période se
terminant cinq (5) ans après la date de constitution de la Société, il est autorisé
d’augmenter à une ou plusieurs reprises le capital social souscrit et d’émettre de
nouvelles Parts Sociales de Catégorie B ou de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C dans
la limite du capital social autorisé aux personnes et selon les modalités que le
Conseil juge appropriées, dans une proportion maximale de % de Parts Sociales
de Catégorie C contre % de Parts Sociales de Catégorie B à chaque émission de
Parts Sociales conformément au présent article 6.2. L’Associé de Parts Sociales
de Catégorie A renonce à son droit de souscrire aux Parts Sociales qui seront
émises conformément au présent article 6.2.

6.3 Le capital social autorisé de la Société peut être augmenté ou
réduit par l’adoption d’une résolution, le cas échéant, par l’Associé unique ou
par l’Assemblée Générale représentant les trois quarts (3/4) du capital social de
la Société.

6.4 Les autorisations énoncées ci-dessus peuvent être renouvelées
par une résolution adoptée, le cas échéant, par l'Associé unique ou par
l'Assemblée Générale conformément aux présents Statuts et sous réserve des
dispositions de la Loi, chaque fois pour une période n'excédant pas cinq (5)
années.

6.5 En plus du capital social, le ou les Associé(s) établiront un
compte prime d'émission. Chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B et Part Sociale de
Catégorie C doivent être souscrites et entièrement libérées ensemble avec un
paiement d'une prime d'émission obligatoire de neuf euros (EUR 9,-) par part
sociale.

Toute prime d'émission peut être utilisée par la Société pour racheter ses
propres Parts Sociales aux Associés, pour compenser des pertes nettes réalisées,
pour effectuer des distributions aux Associés, ou pour être affectée à la réserve
légale.

6.6 En plus du capital social et du compte prime d'émission, la
Société peut tenir un compte 1 15 << Apport en capitaux propres non rémunéré par
des titres» sur lequel la Société allouera toutes contributions en capital faites à
la Société sans que la Société n’émette de nouvelles Parts Sociales en
contrepartie de telles contributions.

6.7 La Société peut acquérir ses propres Parts Sociales. Le Conseil

28


peut décider d’annuler les Parts Sociales rachetées et se prononcer sur la
réduction de capital correspondant au nombre de Parts Sociales rachetées, mais
qui ne pourra jamais être inférieure au capital social minimal obligatoire, et qui
devra être formalisée par un acte notarié. Cet acte notarié doit être établi dans le
mois de la décision du Conseil d’annuler les Parts Sociales et de réduire le capital
social de la Société.

6.8 Sous réserve de toujours être en conformité avec le droit
applicable, le capital social de la Société peut être réduit par une décision de
l’Assemblée Générale prise conformément aux dispositions applicables pour la
modiﬁcation des Statuts par le rachat et l’annulation de la totalité d’une
Catégorie de Parts Sociales via le rachat et l’annulation de toutes les Parts
Sociales émises dans cette catégorie, à condition que l’ordre de rachat décrit ci-
dessous et la période de rachat respective prévue aux articles 6.11, 6.12 et 6.13
(selon le cas) soient respectés.

6.9 Le capital social de la Société peut être réduit par le rachat et
l’annulation de la totalité d’une (1) ou plusieurs Catégorie(s) de Parts Sociales à
condition toutefois que la Société ne puisse jamais racheter et annuler les Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A.

6.10 Les Parts Sociales de Catégorie A et les Parts Sociales de
Catégorie B comportent l'obligation pour leurs Associés et lors de leur
souscription de voter en faveur d'une résolution des Associés relative à la
conversion des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C en Parts Sociales de Catégorie A
ou en Parts Sociales de Catégorie B, le cas échéant, conformément aux articles
6.14, 6.15 et 6.17 ci-dessous.

6.11 Le capital social de la Société peut être réduit par le rachat et
l’annulation d’une (1) Catégorie entière de Parts Sociales par an, à condition
toutefois que la Société ne puisse à aucun moment acheter et annuler les Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A. En cas de rachat et d’annulation de Catégories de Parts
Sociales, l’ordre suivant devra impérativement être respecté :

. Parts Sociales de Catégorie C ; et

. Parts Sociales de Catégorie B.

6.12 En cas de réduction du capital social par rachat et annulation des
Parts Sociales de Catégorie B, sous réserve des dispositions applicables de la
Loi, telle Catégorie de Part Sociale confère à son détenteur le droit par Part
Sociale de Catégorie B à un montant équivalent au résultant de la formule

suivante :
(€10 * 1.08 Mm * 1.121…) _ @ Dk * 1.08Qk/12 * 1.12 WW)

Où
M = est égal au nombre total de mois écoulés au cours des quatre (4)

premières années depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B.

29


N = est égal au nombre de mois écoulés dans la cinquième (5) année depuis
l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B.

k = est égal à un nombre compris entre 1 et n, qui fait référence dans l'ordre
chronologique aux dividendes distribués (le cas échéant) à chaque Part Sociale
de Catégorie B depuis son émission. (par exemple, si une Part Sociale était
soumise à 3 distributions de dividendes, alors k prendra trois valeurs (c'est-à-dire
l, 2, 3) en se référant à chaque distribution dans l'ordre chronologique).

Dk = est égal à la valeur du dividende k distribué à chaque Part Sociale de
Catégorie B.

Qk = est égal au nombre total de mois écoulés entre la date de distribution
du dividende k et le plus ancien des deux événements suivants i) la ﬁn de la
quatrième année depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B, ou ii)
l’annulation des Parts Sociales de Catégorie B.

Wk = est égal au nombre total de mois (le cas échéant) écoulés uniquement
dans la cinquième (5) année (c'est-à—dire la cinquième (5) année depuis
l'émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B) à compter de la date de
distribution de Dk au plus ancien des deux événements suivants: i) la ﬁn de la
cinquième (5) année depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B ou
ii) l’annulation des Parts Sociales de catégorie B.

La période de rachat générale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie B débute à
compter de la date de leur souscription (incluant) jusqu’au cinquième (5)
anniversaire de la souscription de la première Part Sociale de Catégorie B (la
«Période de Rachat de Catégorie B»), étant entendu que (sous réserve des
dispositions applicables de la loi), la Société devra obligatoirement racheter
toutes les Parts Sociales de Catégorie B avant la ﬁn de la période.

6.13 En cas de réduction du capital social par rachat et annulation des
Parts Sociales de Catégorie C, sous réserve des dispositions applicables de la
Loi, telle Catégorie de Part Sociale confère à son détenteur le droit par Part
Sociale de Catégorie C à un montant équivalent au résultant de la formule

suivante :
(€10 * 1.08 Mm * 1.121…) _ @ Dk * 1.08Qk/12 * 1.12 WW)

Où

P = est égal au nombre total de mois écoulés au cours des quatre (4)
premières années depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C.

S = est égal au nombre de mois écoulés dans la cinquième (5) année depuis
l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C.

j = est égal à un nombre compris entre 1 et n, qui fait référence dans l'ordre
chronologique aux dividendes distribués (le cas échéant) à chaque Part Sociale
de Catégorie C depuis son émission. (par exemple, si une Part Sociale était

soumise à 3 distributions de dividendes, alors j prendra trois valeurs (c'est-à-dire

30


1, 2, 3) en se référant à chaque distribution dans l'ordre chronologique).

Dj = est égal àla valeur du dividende j distribué à chaque Part Sociale de
Catégorie B.

Uj = est égal au nombre total de mois écoulés entre la date de distribution
du dividende j et le plus ancien des deux événements suivants i) la ﬁn de la
quatrième année depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C, ou ii)
l’annulation des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C.

Vj = est égal au nombre total de mois (le cas échéant) écoulés uniquement
dans la cinquième (5) année (c'est-à—dire la cinquième (5) année depuis
l'émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C) à compter de la date de
distribution de Dj au plus ancien des deux événements suivants: i) la ﬁn de la
cinquième (5) année depuis l’émission de chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C ou
ii) l’annulation des Parts Sociales de catégorie C.

La période de rachat générale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C débute à
compter de la date de leur souscription (incluant) jusqu’au cinquième (5)
anniversaire de la souscription de la première Part Sociale de Catégorie C (la
«Période de Rachat de Catégorie C»), étant entendu que la Société devra
obligatoirement racheter toutes les Parts Sociales de Catégorie C avant la ﬁn de
la Période de Rachat de Catégorie C et au moment du rachat, si ce rachat a lieu
dans le 36ème mois suivant la souscription de la première Part Sociale de
Catégorie C, chaque détenteur de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C peut demander
pour telles Parts Sociales de Catégorie C à racheter, leur conversion immédiate
en Parts Sociales de catégorie C conformément au mécanisme décrit à l’article
6.15 ci-dessous.

6.14 L’Assemblée Générale peut décider de convertir tout ou partie
des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C en Parts Sociales de Catégorie A àla demande
des détenteurs de telles Parts Sociales de Catégorie C. Cette requête doit être
présentée au Conseil par le détenteur des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C concerné
endéans la période comprise entre le 24ième et le 36ième mois à compter de la
souscription de la première Part Sociale de Catégorie C émise par la Société
(c'est-à-dire à compter de la date de constitution de la Société). À la demande de
tout détenteur de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C, le Conseil de la Société sera
contraint, si cette requête est soumise dans les délais spéciﬁés ci-dessus, de
convoquer une Assemblée Générale aﬁn de statuer sur cette demande. Dans ce
cas et aux ﬁns de la conversion concernée, l’évaluation préﬁnancement des Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A existantes sera généralement ﬁxée à trois millions
d’euros (EUR 3.000.000,-) majorée de 8% par an à compter de la souscription
des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C en question.

6.15 Les Parts Sociales de Catégorie A et les Parts Sociales de

Catégorie B entraînent l'obligation, pour leurs détenteurs et lors de leur

31


souscription, de voter en faveur d'une résolution des Associés concernant la
conversion des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C en Parts Sociales de Catégorie A
ou en Parts Sociales de Catégorie B, le cas échéant, conformément aux articles
6.12, 6.13 et 1.1 de présents Statuts.

6.16 Dans les 90 jours suivant le 36ème mois à compter de l’émission
de la première Part Sociale de Catégorie C émise par la Société (c’est-à-dire à
compter de la date de constitution de la Société), le Conseil convoquera une
Assemblée Générale pour statuer de la conversion de toutes les Parts Sociales de
Catégorie C en circulation en Parts Sociales de Catégorie B.

6.17 En cas de conversion de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C en Parts
Sociales de Catégorie B:

1. La valeur de conversion pour chaque nouvelle Part Sociale de Catégorie
B émise sera d'un euro (EUR 1,-);

II. Chacune de ces Parts Sociales de Catégorie B doit être souscrite et
entièrement libérée, ensemble avec le paiement d’une prime d’émission
obligatoire de neuf euros (EUR 9,-) par Part Sociale;

111. La valeur du montant de conversion de chaque Part Sociale de Classe C
sera déterminée conformément à l’article 6.13 ci-dessus;

IV. Le nombre de Parts Sociales de Catégorie B devant être émises au
moment de la conversion des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C sera arrondi à la
décimale supérieure, en tenant compte de leur valeur nominale d’un euro (EUR
1,-) et de leur prime d’émission obligatoire de neuf euros (EUR 9,-) par Part
Sociale tel qu’énoncé à l’article 6.5 précités, et le montant restant résultant du
calcul du rachat des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C décrit à l’article 6.13 précité
sera versé en espèces à chaque Associé détenant des Parts Sociales de Catégorie
C au moment de leur conversion en Parts Sociales de Catégorie C;

V. Le montant de l’annulation pour chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B
nouvellement émise sera calculé conformément à l’article 6.12 ci-dessus, en
supposant que la date de conversion correspond à la date de souscription de
chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B nouvellement émise;

VI. La date limite pour le rachat de telles Parts Sociales de Catégorie B
nouvellement émises demeurera la ﬁn de la Période de Rachat de Catégorie B et
la Société devra obligatoirement racheter toutes Parts Sociales de Catégorie B
nouvellement émises avant la ﬁn de la Période de Rachat de Catégorie B.

6.18 L’Assemblée Générale peut décider d’augmenter le capital social
de la Société par la capitalisation d’une créance liquide et exigible détenue par
un Associé vis-à—vis de la Société et résultant d’un dividende approuvé mais non
distribué ou d’un acompte sur dividende au titre de l’exercice ﬁscal applicable.

7. Parts sociales

7.1 Toutes les Parts Sociales sont et restent nominatives.

32


7.2 La propriété de toute Part Sociale implique l'acceptation des
présents Statuts et des Résolutions des Associés.

7.3 Chaque Part Sociale confère à son propriétaire une voix, sous
réserve des limitations imposées par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

7.4 Chaque Part Sociale de la Société est indivisible à l’égard de la
Société. Les propriétaires indivis de Parts Sociales sont tenus de se faire
représenter auprès de la Société par un mandataire commun. La Société a le droit
de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits attachés aux Parts Sociales jusqu'à ce
qu'un mandataire commun ait été notiﬁé par les propriétaires indivis à la Société
par écrit ou facsimilé.

8. Cession de parts sociales

8.1 Les Parts Sociales de la Société peuvent être librement cédées
entre les Associés.

8.2 Lorsque la Société a un Associé unique, cet Associé peut céder
ses Parts Sociales librement.

8.3 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, toute
cession de Parts Sociales à des tiers requiert l’agrément des Associés
représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) des Parts Sociales.

8.4 Si un Associé entend céder une ou plusieurs Parts Sociales à un
tiers, l’Associé cédant doit remettre une notiﬁcation à la Société renfermant
toutes les informations utiles du projet de cession, y compris l’identité du
cessionnaire, le prix de cession, et, le cas échéant, les conditions applicables àla
cession.

8.5 Si le projet de cession n’est pas approuvé par les Associés
conformément à l’article 8.3, les Associés peuvent, dans le délai de trois (3) mois
à compter du refus de la Société, acquérir la ou les Part(s) Sociale(s), sauf accord
contraire, ou obtenir l’acquisition de la ou des Part(s) Sociale(s) à un prix fixé
dans les conditions prévues aux présents Statuts et dans les conditions du projet
de cession tel que prévu à l’article 8.4 et dans les autres conditions négociées
entre les parties, sauf si l’Associé cédant renonce à la cession de ses Parts
Sociales. À la demande du Conseil, le délai de trois (3) mois peut être prolongée
par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement de
Luxembourg siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé,
étant entendu que cette prolongation ne pourra excéder six (6) mois.

8.6 La Société peut dans ce même délai et avec l’agrément de
l’Associé cédant, décider (i) de réduire son capital social d’un montant
correspondant à la valeur nominale globale de la (des) Part(s) Sociale(s)
concernée(s) et (ii) de racheter et annuler ces Parts Sociales à un prix déterminé
de bonne foi entre l’Associé cédant et le Conseil. Si l’Associé cédant ne consent

pas à la réduction de capital, la cession se fera alors conformément aux articles

33


8.3 et 8.5.

8.7 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, toute
cession de Parts Sociales à des tiers en raison du décès d’un Associé requiert
l’agrément des Associés représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) des Parts Sociales
appartenant aux Associés survivants.

8.8 Si à l’issue de la période mentionnée à l’article 8.5 les Parts
Sociales n’ont été ni acquises par les Associés ni rachetées par la Société,
l’Associé cédant pourra vendre ses Parts Sociales librement au nouvel ou aux
nouveaux Associés envisagés au prix et aux conditions de cession qui ont été
notiﬁés àla Société.

8.9 Toute cession de Parts Sociales doit être formalisée par un acte
notarié ou sous seing privé. Une telle cession de Parts Sociales n'est opposable à
la Société et aux tiers qu’après qu'elle ait été notiﬁée àla Société ou acceptée par
elle conformément au droit luxembourgeois applicable en matière de cession de
créances, notamment à l'article 1690 du Code civil luxembourgeois.

9. Augmentation du capital social

Le capital social de la Société pourra être augmenté une ou plusieurs fois
par les Associés conformément aux présents Statuts et aux lois du Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg applicables à toute modiﬁcation des Statuts, sous réserve que:

(i) toute augmentation de capital social (a) soit effectuée
proportionnellement entre les Parts Sociales émises au sein de chaque Catégorie
de Parts Sociales restantes et (b) ait pour conséquence que chaque Associé
détienne une part proportionnelle de Parts Sociales dans chaque Catégorie de
Parts Sociales restante de la Société;

(ii) toute division d’une Catégorie de Parts Sociales en de nouvelles
catégories de Parts Sociales implique que chaque Associé de l’ancienne
Catégorie de Parts Sociales avant la division détienne une part proportionnelle
de chaque nouvelle catégorie de Parts Sociales résultant de la division; et

(iii) toute combinaison ou regroupement de Catégories de Parts
Sociales en une nouvelle catégorie de Parts Sociales implique que chaque associé
des anciennes Catégories de Parts Sociales détienne une part proportionnelle de
la nouvelle Catégorie de Parts Sociales combinée.

GÉRANCE, COMMISSAIRE AUX COMPTES

10. Gérants

10.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés ou non
(individuellement le << Gérant >> ensemble les << Gérants >>).

10.2 Les Gérants sont nommés par les Associés, qui ﬁxent (i) leur
nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) le caractère limité ou illimité de leur
mandat.

10.3 Les Gérants exercent leurs fonctions jusqu'à ce que leurs

34


successeurs soient nommés. Ils peuvent être renommés et révoqués à tout
moment par les Associés, avec ou sans motif.

10.4 Les Associés peuvent décider de qualiﬁer les Gérants nommés de
Gérant de catégorie A et de Gérant de catégorie B, respectivement.

10.5 Même après le terme de leur mandat, les Gérants ne divulgueront
pas les informations conﬁdentielles de la Société ou toute information
concernant la Société dont la divulgation pourrait porter préjudice aux intérêts
de la Société, excepté lorsqu'une telle divulgation est requise par la loi.

10.6 Le Gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le Conseil peut déléguer ses
pouvoirs de gestion journalière des affaires de la Société et de représentation de
la Société, en ce qui concerne cette gestion, à n’importe quel Gérant ou à toute
autre personne, Associé ou non, agissant seul ou conjointement, selon des
modalités que le Gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le Conseil, déterminera. La
révocation de leur nomination et leurs pouvoirs sont déterminés soit par les
présents Statuts soit par une décision du Conseil.

11. Conseil de Gérance

11.1 Si plus d'un Gérant a été nommé, les Gérants constitueront un
Conseil.

11.2 Le Conseil peut choisir parmi ses membres un président (le
<< Président du Conseil >>).

12. Pouvoirs du Conseil

12.1 Le Conseil est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir au
nom de la Société et autoriser tous les actes que le Conseil estimera, à sa seule
discrétion, nécessaires ou utiles pour la réalisation de l'objet social de la Société.
Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés par les lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg ou par les présents Statuts aux Associés sont de la
compétence du Conseil.

12.2 Le Conseil peut aussi créer un ou plusieurs comité(s) et
déterminer sa/leur composition et ses/leurs pouvoirs et leur déléguer certains
pouvoirs et/ou mandats spéciaux.

12.3 Le Conseil peut conférer certains pouvoirs ou mandats spéciaux
à un ou plusieurs Gérants, Associés ou tiers, pour agir au nom de la Société et
engager la Société vis-à-vis des tiers, chacun agissant seul ou conjointement
selon ce qui aura été déterminé par le Conseil.

12.4 En cas de Gérant unique, le Gérant unique est investi de tous les
pouvoirs conférés au Conseil par les présents Statuts, notamment des pouvoirs
ci-avant énumérés par cet article 12.

13. Réunions du Conseil et résolutions circulaires

13.1 Le Conseil se réunira àla demande de tout Gérant et, lorsqu’il est

composé de Gérants de catégorie A et de Gérants de catégorie B, par au moins

35


un Gérant de chaque catégorie.

13.2 Le Président du Conseil, ou tout Gérant ou représentant autorisé
dans le cas où un Président du Conseil n’aurait pas été nommé, indiquera aux
autres Gérants le lieu, la date, l'heure et l'ordre du jour de la réunion par avis écrit
ou par email. Aucune convocation spéciale ne sera requise pour les réunions se
tenant en des lieux, dates et heures spéciﬁés dans un calendrier préalablement
adopté par le Conseil et en cas d'urgence.

13.3 II pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée ci-dessus
avec l'accord écrit du/des Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement écrit
unanime de tous les Gérants donné àla réunion du Conseil concernée.

13.4 Lors de chaque réunion du Conseil, ce dernier désignera le
président de ladite réunion àla majorité des Gérants présents ou représentés lors
de cette réunion.

13.5 Le Conseil pourra également nommer un secrétaire, Gérant ou
non, qui sera responsable de la tenue du procès-verbal de la réunion.

13.6 Les Gérants pourront participer et se faire représenter aux
réunions du Conseil en désignant par écrit un autre Gérant comme son
mandataire.

13.7 Les Gérants peuvent participer et exprimer leur voix à une
réunion du Conseil par conférence téléphonique, par vidéoconférence ou par tout
moyen de télécommunication similaire permettant à plusieurs personnes
participant à cette réunion de communiquer l'une avec l'autre. Ces participations
doivent être considérées comme équivalentes à une présence physique à la
réunion, qui est réputée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

13.8 Un quorum du Conseil est atteint par la présence ou la
représentation d’une majorité des Gérants en fonction, à condition, le cas
échéant, qu’au moins un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie B soient
présents. Les décisions seront prises àla majorité des votes des Gérants présents
ou représentés àla réunion concernée et cette majorité devra au moins, selon le
cas, inclure un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie B. En cas de
parité des votes, le Président du Conseil n’a pas de voix prépondérante.

13.9 Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil doivent être établis
par écrit et signés par tous les Gérants présents ou représentés à la réunion
concernée. Toutes les procurations y seront annexées.

13.10 Une décision écrite par voie circulaire signée par tous les Gérants
est régulière et valable comme si elle avait été adoptée à une réunion du Conseil
dûment convoquée et tenue au siège social de la Société. Une telle décision
pourra être documentée soit par un seul écrit signé par tous les Gérants soit par
plusieurs écrits séparés ayant tous le même contenu et signés chacun par un ou

plusieurs Gérants.

36


13.11 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, ce Gérant est investi des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir pour le compte de et engager valablement la
Société sans avoir à établir des décisions écrites ou des procès-verbaux des
décisions du Gérant unique.

13.12 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux du Conseil seront
certiﬁés par le Conseil.

14. Représentation de la Société

14.1 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, la Société sera engagée vis-
à—vis des tiers par la signature individuelle de ce Gérant ainsi que par la signature
conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui des pouvoirs valides de
représentation ont été délégués par ce Gérant, dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

14.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un Conseil, la Société sera
engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature conjointe de deux Gérants ainsi que
par la signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui des pouvoirs
valides de représentation ont été délégués par le Conseil, dans les limites de ce
pouvoir.

14.3 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société sera engagée vis-à—vis des
tiers uniquement par les signatures conjointes d’un gérant de catégorie A et un
gérant de catégorie B si l'Associé unique ou les Associés (selon le cas) ont
qualifié les Gérants de gérants de catégorie A et gérants de catégorie B, ainsi que
par la signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui des pouvoirs

valides de représentation ont été délégués par le Conseil, dans les limites de ce

pouvoir.
15. Conflit d'intérêts
15.1 Sous réserve de ce qui suit, les règles du conﬂit d’intérêts telles

qu’énoncées à l’article 441-7 de la Loi s’appliqueront.

15.2 Aucun contrat ou aucune autre transaction entre la Société et une
société tierce ne sera affecté ou invalidé du seul fait qu'un ou plusieurs
représentant(s) valablement autorisé(s) de la Société, y inclus notamment tout
Gérant, (i) a(ont) un intérêt ﬁnancier direct ou indirect entrant en conﬂit avec les
intérêts de la Société ou (ii) est(sont) un(des) représentant(s) valablement
autorisé(s) et/ou associé(s) de telle société tierce (le << Représentant en
Conﬂit >>).

15.3 Sauf stipulation contraire prévue ci-après, le Représentant en
Conﬂit ne sera pas automatiquement empêché de participer aux délibérations ou
de voter sur la transaction, le contrat ou toute autre opération concerné. Pour tous
les contrats ou autres opérations (i) ne relevant pas de la gestion journalière des
affaires de la Société, (ii) qui ne sont pas conclus dans le cours normal des
affaires de la Société et (iii) qui ne sont pas conclus selon le principe de pleine

concurrence, le Représentant en Conﬂit devra informer le Conseil de cet intérêt

37


personnel et s’interdira de délibérer ou de voter sur ladite transaction ou
opération, et les Associés devront être notiﬁés de cette transaction ou opération
et de l’intérêt du Représentant en Conﬂit dans ladite transaction ou opération.
Si, en raison de conﬂits d’intérêts dans une transaction, un contrat ou toute autre
opération spéciﬁque, les exigences prévues à l’article 13.8 des présents Statuts
aﬁn de délibérer et de voter sur cette transaction, ce contrat ou de toute autre
opération ne sont pas respectées, le Conseil peut décider de soumettre la décision
relative à cette transaction, ce contrat ou autre opération à l’approbation de
l’Assemblée Générale.

15.4 Si le Représentant en Conﬂit est le Gérant unique, le contrat ou
autre transaction concerné (i) qui n’est pas conclu dans le cours normal des
affaires de la Société et (ii) qui n’est pas conclu selon le principe de pleine
concurrence devra être approuvé par l’Assemblée Générale ou l’Associé unique
(selon le cas).

15.5 Le(s) délégué(s) àla gestion journalière de la Société sont, le cas
échéant, soumis mutatis mutandis aux articles 15.2 à 15.4 des présents Statuts.
Si un seul (1) délégué à la gestion journalière a été nommé et devient un
Représentant en Conﬂit, la décision concernée doit être adoptée par le Conseil.
Si, en raison de conﬂits d’intérêts dans une transaction, un contrat ou toute autre
opération spéciﬁque, les exigences prévues à l’article 13.8 des présents Statuts
aux ﬁns de délibérer et de voter sur cette transaction, ce contrat ou toute autre
opération ne sont pas respectées, le(s) délégué(s) à la gestion journalière
peut(peuvent) décider de soumettre la décision relative à cette transaction, ce
contrat ou autre opération à l’approbation du Conseil.

16. Indemnisation des Gérants

16.1 La Société indemnisera son (ses) Gérant(s) et, le cas échéant, ses
(leurs) héritiers, exécuteurs et administrateurs testamentaires, des dommages et
des dépenses raisonnables faites par celui/ceuX-ci en relation avec toute action,
procès ou procédure à laquelle il(ils) a(ont) pu être partie en raison de sa(leur)
fonction passée ou actuelle de Gérant(s) de la Société ou, à la demande de la
Société, de toute autre société dans laquelle la Société est associée ou créancière,
si et dans la mesure où il(ils) n'est(ne sont) pas autorisé(s) à être indemnisé(s)
par cette autre société.

16.2 L'indemnisation sera due uniquement si le(les) Gérant(s) n’est(ne
sont) pas condamné(s) lors d'une action, un procès ou une procédure pour
négligence ou faute grave.

16.3 En cas de règlement amiable d'un conﬂit, des indemnités seront
accordées uniquement si et dans la mesure où la Société a reçu confirmation par
son conseiller juridique que le(les) Gérant(s) n'a(ont) pas commis de violation à

ses(leurs) devoirs.

38


16.4 Le droit d'indemnisation ci-avant évoqué n'exclut pas les autres
droits que le(les) Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou, le cas échéant, ses(leurs) héritiers,
exécuteurs et administrateurs testamentaires, pourraient revendiquer.

17. Commissaire aux comptes

17.1 Si aucun réviseur d’entreprise agréé n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société compte plus de soixante (60)
Associés, les comptes annuels de la Société seront audités par un ou plusieurs
commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s) ou non.

17.2 Si aucun réviseur d’entreprise agréé n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société compte soixante (60) Associés
ou moins, les Associés pourront, sans en être obligés, faire auditer les comptes
annuels par un ou plusieurs commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s) ou non.

17.3 Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes sera(seront) nommé(s) par les
Associés qui détermineront (i) leur nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) la durée
de leur mandat. Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes restera(ont) en fonction
jusqu’à ce que son(leurs) successeur(s) soit(soient) élus. Ils sont rééligibles et
peuvent être révoqués à tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par les Associés.

ASSOCIÉS

18. Résolutions des Associés

18.1 Les Associés prennent leurs décisions en adoptant des résolutions
soit en Assemblées Générales soit, sous réserve des limitations prévues par les
présents Statuts et par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, par résolutions
écrites (les << Resolutions des Associés >>).

18.2 Toute modiﬁcation des Statuts (y compris le changement de
nationalité) devra être approuvée par une majorité d’Associés représentant les
trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social émis, sauf disposition contraire prévue par les
lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par les présents Statuts.

18.3 Toutes autres Résolutions des Associés seront adoptées par les
Associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social émis de la Société, sauf
disposition contraire prévue par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par
les présents Statuts. Dans le cas où le quorum ne serait pas atteint lors de la
première réunion, les Associés seront convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois,
par lettre recommandée, et les décisions seront adoptées par une majorité des
voix exprimées, indépendamment de la part du capital social émis représenté.

18.4 Le Conseil pourra suspendre les droits de vote de tout Associé en
violation de ses obligations découlant des présents Statuts et/ou de tous autres
arrangements contractuels conclus par cet Associé.

18.5 Un Associé pourra décider individuellement de ne pas exercer,
de manière provisoire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote.

L’Associé qui renonce à cet exercice est lié par cette renonciation qui deviendra

39


obligatoire pour la Société sur notiﬁcation de cette dernière.

18.6 En cas de suspension des droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs
Associés conformément à l’article 18.4 des présentes ou en cas de renonciation
d’un ou plusieurs Associés à ses droits de vote conformément à l’article 18.6 des
présentes, ces Associés peuvent participer à toute Assemblée Générale mais, les
Parts Sociales qu’ils détiennent ne sont pas prises en compte pour la
détermination des conditions du quorum et de la majorité à respecter à
l’Assemblée Générale.

19. Résolutions écrites

19.1 Si la Société compte soixante (60) Associés ou moins, les
Résolutions des Associés ne devront pas nécessairement être adoptées lors des
Assemblées Générales mais pourront également être adoptées par voix
circulaire.

19.2 Les résolutions à adopter par voix circulaire seront envoyées aux
Associés par écrit par le Conseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou
facsimilé. Les Associés ont l'obligation de voter et de renvoyer leur bulletin de
vote au Conseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou facsimilé endéans
quinze (15) jours à compter de la réception de la lettre. Tous les votes non émis
à l’issue de ce délai seront considérés comme une abstention de vote.

19.3 11 est possible de déroger aux exigences énoncées à l’article 14.2
des Statuts relatives à l'adoption de Résolutions des Associés par décision écrite
unanime de tous les Associés dans la résolution écrite concernée ou par tout autre
moyen.

19.4 Les exigences énoncées à l’article 14.2 des Statuts relatives à
l'adoption de Résolutions des Associés ne s'appliqueront pas si la Société ne
compte qu'un Associé. Toutes les résolutions adoptées par un Associé unique
devront, en revanche, être documentées par écrit et signées par l'Associé unique.

19.5 Toutes les copies ou tous les extraits des Résolutions des
Associés devront être certiﬁés par le Conseil.

20. Assemblées Générales

20.1 11 sera nécessaire de tenir une Assemblée Générale uniquement si
la Société compte plus de soixante (60) Associés. Dans ce cas, ladite Assemblée
Générale doit être tenue dans les six (6) mois de la ﬁn de chaque exercice social
au siège de la Société ou à tout autre lieu au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
indiqué dans la convocation à l’assemblée.

20.2 Les Assemblées Générales extraordinaires sont convoquées
conformément aux lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par notiﬁcation du
Conseil, du(des) commissaire(s) aux comptes de la Société ou de l’/des
Associé(s) représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) du capital social émis de la

Société (selon le cas).

40


20.3 Une Assemblée Générale pourra uniquement être tenue à
l'étranger si, de l’avis du Conseil, cela est nécessaire du fait de circonstances de
force maj eure.

20.4 L'avis convoquant l'Assemblée Générale indiquera le lieu, la
date, l’heure et l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée et sera envoyé au moins huit (8)
jours avant l'assemblée. II pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée ci-
dessus par l'accord écrit du/des Associé(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement écrit
unanime de tous les Associés lors de l’assemblée concernée.

20.5 Toute Assemblée Générale dûment constituée représente tous les
Associés de la Société.

20.6 Si la Société ne compte qu'un Associé unique, cet Associé unique
exerce les pouvoirs accordés à l'Assemblée Générale par la loi applicable et les
présents Statuts. Les articles 710-18 à 710-22 et 710-26 de la Loi ne
s'appliquent pas à ce cas de ﬁgure.

21. Procédure lors des Assemblées Générales

21.1 Un Associé peut participer à une Assemblée Générale en
désignant par écrit ou facsimilé un représentant, lequel ne doit pas
nécessairement être Associé.

21.2 Les Associés peuvent participer à une Assemblée Générale par
conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication similaire permettant aux participants de communiquer entre eux.
Cette participation équivaut à une présence physique à l’assemblée concernée.

21.3 Le Conseil peut déterminer toutes les autres conditions qui
doivent être remplies pour participer à une Assemblée Générale.

21.4 Lors de chaque assemblée des Associés, les Associés nommeront
le président de l’assemblée par un vote de la majorité des Associés présents ou
représentés lors de cette assemblée (le << Président de l'Assemblée Générale >>).

21.5 Le Président de l'Assemblée Générale désignera un secrétaire.
Les Associés désigneront un ou plusieurs scrutateur(s). Le Président de
l'Assemblée Générale conjointement avec le secrétaire et le(s) scrutateur(s)
formeront le bureau de l'Assemblée Générale (le << Bureau >>).

21.6 Une liste de présence indiquant (i) le nom des Associés, (ii) le
nombre de Parts Sociales qu'ils détiennent et, le cas échéant, (iii) le nom du
représentant, sera rédigée et signée par les membres du Bureau.

21.7 Les procès-verbaux des décisions de l'Assemblée Générale seront
rédigés et signés par le Bureau.

21.8 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux de l'Assemblée
Générale seront certiﬁés par le Conseil.

22. Droit d’information

Un ou plusieurs Associé(s) détenant ensemble au moins dix pour cent (10

41


%) du capital social ou des droits de vote de la Société pourront soumettre au
Conseil par écrit toute question relatives à des opérations en lien avec la gérance
de la Société et des sociétés contrôlées par la Société; concernant ces dernières,
ces questions seront examinées en tenant compte des intérêts sociaux des entités
concernées. En l’absence de réponse dans un délai d’un (1) mois, l’/les
Associé(s) concerné(s) pourra/pourront demander au magistrat présidant la
chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en matière
commerciale comme en matière de référé, de nommer un ou plusieurs experts
chargés de présenter un rapport sur les opérations concernées visées dans la/les
question(s) écrite(s).
EXERCICE SOCIAL, DISTRIBUTIONS DES GAINS

23. Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour du mois de
janvier et ﬁnit le dernier jour du mois de décembre.

24. Approbation des comptes annuels

24.1 À la ﬁn de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont arrêtés et le
Conseil établit les comptes annuels de la Société conformément aux lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

24.2 Le Conseil soumettra les comptes annuels de la Société au(x)
commissaire(s) aux comptes, le cas échéant, pour revue et aux Associés pour
approbation.

24.3 Tout Associé peut prendre connaissance des comptes annuels au
siège social de la Société tel que prévu par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

25. Affectation des bénéﬁces

25.1 Il est prélevé sur le bénéﬁce net annuel de la Société 5% (cinq
pour cent) qui sont affectés à la réserve légale (la << Réserve Légale >>). Ce
prélèvement cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque la Réserve Légale aura atteint 10%
(dix pour cent) du capital social de la Société, et il deviendra à nouveau
obligatoire si la Réserve Légale descend en dessous du seuil de 10% (dix pour
cent) du capital social de la Société.

25.2 Après l’allocation à la Réserve Légale, les Associés
détermineront l’affectation de l’excédent du bénéﬁce net annuel. Ils peuvent
décider d’allouer tout ou partie de l’excédent à une réserve ou à une provision,
de le reporter à l’année ﬁnancière suivante ou de le distribuer, ensemble avec les
bénéﬁces reportés d’années ﬁnancières précédentes, les réserves distribuables
ou la prime d’émissions, aux Associés en tant que dividende

25.3 Pour chaque année où les Associés décident de distribuer un
dividende tiré des bénéﬁces nets, de la réserve comptable et des réserves

disponibles, en ce compris toute prime d’émission, le montant alloué à cet effet

42


sera distribué dans l’ordre suivant de priorité :

(a) les détenteurs de Parts Sociales de Catégorie A auront droit à la
distribution d'un dividende préférentiel en lien avec ladite année d'un montant
de dix pour cent (10%) de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie A
qu’ils détiennent ; ensuite

(b) les détenteurs de Parts Sociales de Catégorie B auront droit à la
distribution d'un dividende préférentiel en lien avec ladite année d'un montant
de un pour cent (1%) de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie B
qu’ils détiennent; ensuite

(c) les détenteurs de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C auront droit à la
distribution d'un dividende préférentiel en lien avec ladite année d'un montant
de deux pour cent (2%) de la valeur nominale des Parts Sociales de Catégorie C
qu’ils détiennent.

25.4 Les détenteurs de la Catégorie de Parts Sociales qui peut être
rachetée et annulée au moment d’une distribution de dividende donnée
conformément à ces Statuts aura le droit de recevoir le restant de toute
distribution de dividende appropriée.

26. Dividendes intérimaires

26.1 Le Conseil est autorisé à verser des dividendes intérimaires sur la
base de comptes intérimaires actuels et à condition que ces comptes intérimaires
montrent que la Société ait sufﬁsamment de fonds disponibles pour une telle
distribution, conformément aux conditions énoncées à l’article 710-25 de la Loi.

DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

27. Dissolution et liquidation

27.1 La Société peut être dissoute par une décision des Associés
délibérant aux mêmes conditions de quorum et de majorité que celles exigées
pour la modiﬁcation des Statuts, sauf disposition contraire des lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg.

27.2 En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation s’effectuera par
les soins d’un ou de plusieurs liquidateur(s) nommé(s) par les Associés qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et leur rémunération.

27.3 Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, y
inclus les taxes et frais de liquidation, l’actif net de la Société sera réparti
équitablement entre tous les Associés au prorata du nombre de Parts Sociales
qu’ils détiennent.

L01 APPLICABLE
28. Loi applicable
Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les présents Statuts seront

réglées conformément aux dispositions applicables du droit luxembourgeois.
SOUSCRIPTION - LIBERATION

43


La Partie Comparante, représentée par le Mandataire, déclare souscrire à

l’intégralité du capital social comme suit :

Nombre de parts sociales souscrites
Tan Holdings, s.r.l., prénommé 60.000 parts sociales de catégorie A

 

Tan 2.0 LP, prénommé 300.000 parts sociales de catégorie B
100.000 parts sociales de catégorie C

Toutes les parts sociales émises par la Société ont été libérées par un apport

en numéraire d’un montant de quatre cent soixante mille euros (EUR 460.000,-

) de sorte à ce que le capital social émis et souscrit de la Société d’un montant

de quatre cent soixante mille euros (EUR 460.000,-) est maintenant à la

disposition de la Société, preuve de laquelle a été apportée au notaire soussigné.
DISPOSITION TRAN SITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commence à la date de la constitution de la
Société et se termine le 31 décembre 2019.

ASSEMBLEE GENERALE EXTRAORDINAIRE

Les Parties Comparantes, représentées par le Mandataire, en leur capacité
d’associés de la Société, ont adopté les résolutions suivantes :

A. La Société sera représentée par deux gérants (les << Gérants >>) ;

B. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées en tant que Gérants pour une
durée illimitée :

1. Mme. Franca SORGI, résidant à 4, rue Antoine-François Van der
Meulen, L-2152 Luxembourg ; Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ; et

2. Mr. Filippo GIOVANNINI, résidant à Via Paleocapa 4, 20121 Milan,
Italie.

C. Mme. Franca SORGI, résidant à 4, rue Antoine-François Van der
Meulen, L-2152 Luxembourg ; Grand-Duché de Luxembourg a été désigné
comme délégué àla gestion journalière.

D. Le siège social de la Société est situé sis 75, Parc d’Activités, L-8308
Capellen, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

DEPENSES

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit qui incombent à la Société ou qui ont mis à sa charge en raison
des présentes, sont estimés à deux mille euros (EUR 2.000,-).

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle anglais, déclare qu’à la requête
de la personne comparante, le présent acte est rédigé en anglais suivi d’une
version française et qu’en cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte
français, la version anglaise fera foi.

D O N T A C T E

Fait et passé à J unglinster date qu'en tête des présentes.

44


Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire de la partie
comparante, connu du notaire par nom, prénom usuel, état et demeure, il a signé

avec Nous notaire le présent acte.
(s): Henri DA CRUZ, Jean SECKLER

Enregistré à Grevenmacher Actes Civils, 1e 21 décembre 2018.
Relation GAG/201 8/ 1 045 6.

Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75,00 € Le Receveur, (s.): G. SCHLINK

45


