Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230537

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.384
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

“NII Brazil Holdings S.à r.l.”

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 6, rue Eugene Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
(Grand-Duché de Luxembourg)

NUMERO 9945/2018

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 13 DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand eighteen, on the thirteenth day of the month of
December;

Before Us Me Danielle KOLBACH, notary residing in Redingen/Attert
(Grand Duchy of Luxembourg), undersigned,

THERE APPEARED:

NII International Holdings S.à.r.l., a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg, having its registered ofﬁce at 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg
Trade and Companies' Register under number B149229 (the “Sole
Shareholder”),

here represented by Mr. Christian DOSTERT, notary clerk, residing
professionally in L-8510 Redange/Attert, 66, Grand-Rue, (the “Representative”),
by virtue of a proxy given under private seal; such proxy, after having been
signed “ne varietur” by the Representative and the ofﬁciating notary, will remain
attached to the present deed in order to be recorded with it.

The Sole Shareholder, represented by the Representative, has requested the
undersigned notary to draw up the following articles of incorporation of a private
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) which he declared to
establish:

“ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

FORM: NAME: REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECT, DURATION

1. Form

1.1 There exists a company in the form of a private limited liability


company (société à responsabilité limitée) (the “Company”) which shall be
governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, notably the
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the
“Law”), article 1832 of the Luxembourg Civil Code, as amended, and the present
articles of association (the “Articles”).

1.2 The Company may have one sole shareholder or several
shareholders (the “Shareholder(s)”), provided that the number of Shareholders
does not exceed one hundred (100).

1.3 If the number of Shareholders in the Company exceeds (for
whatever reason) the limit of one hundred (100), the Company must be converted
within one (1) year of the date on which such a limit was exceeded. In case the
conversion does not take place, the liquidation of the Company might be
requested by the relevant authorities.

2. Company name

The Company exists under the name “NII Brazil Holdings S.à r.l.”.

3. Registered ofﬁce
3.1 The Company has its registered ofﬁce in Luxembourg.
3.2 The sole manager or, as the case may be, the board of managers of

the Company (the “Board” as deﬁned under article 10.1) is authorised to change
the address of the Company's registered ofﬁce within the municipality of the
Company's registered ofﬁce or to any other municipality in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg and amend these Articles accordingly.

3.3 Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by decision of the Board.

3.4 In the event that, in the opinion of the Board, extraordinary
political, economic or social developments occur or are imminent which would
interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered ofﬁce or with
the ease of communications with the said ofﬁce or between the said ofﬁce and
persons abroad, it may temporarily transfer the registered ofﬁce abroad, until the
end of these abnormal circumstances. Such a temporary measure will have no
effect on the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary
transfer of the registered ofﬁce, will remain a company governed by the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4. Corporate Object

4.1 The corporate object of the Company is the direct and indirect


acquisition and holding of stakes, in any form whatsoever, in Luxembourg and/or
foreign undertakings, as well as the administration, development and
management of these stakeholdings.

4.2 This includes without limitation the investment in, acquisition and
disposal of, grant or issuance (without a public offering with respect to the issue
by the Company of equity instruments and / or convertible debt instruments) of
preferred equity certiﬁcates, loans, bonds, notes, debentures and other debt
instruments (convertible or not), shares, warrants and other equity instruments or
rights, including without limitation, shares of capital stock, limited partnership
interests, limited-liability company interests, preferred stock, securities and
swaps, and any combination of the foregoing, in each case whether readily
marketable or not, as well as obligations (including without limitation synthetic
securities obligations) in any type of company, entity or other legal person.

4.3 The Company may also use its funds to invest in real estate,
intellectual property rights or any other movable or immovable asset in any form
or of any kind.

4.4 The Company may grant pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and
any other form of security as well as any form of indemnity, to Luxembourg or
foreign entities, in respect of its own obligations and debts.

4.5 The Company may also provide assistance in any form (including
without limitation the extension of advances, loans, money deposits and credit as
well as the provision of pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and any other form
of security) to the Company's subsidiaries. On a more occasional basis, the
Company may provide the same type of assistance to undertakings that form part
of the same group to which the Company belongs or to third parties, provided that
doing so is in the Company's interest and does not trigger any license
requirements.

4.6 The Company may generally employ any techniques and
instruments relating to its investments for the purpose of their efﬁcient
management, including techniques and instruments designed to protect the
Company against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks.

4.7 In general, the Company may carry out any commercial, industrial
or financial transactions and engage in those other activities as it deems
necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with, the

accomplishment and development of its corporate purpose.


4.8 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not enter into
any transaction that would cause it to be engaged in a regulated activity or one
that requires the Company to have a license.

5. Duration

The Company is established for an unlimited period of time.

SHARE CAPITAL, TRANSFER OF SHARES

6. Share capital

6.1 The share capital of the Company amounts to fifteen thousand
United States dollars (USD 15,000.-)‚ divided into ﬁfteen thousand (15,000)
shares, each with a par value of one United States dollar (USD 1.-).

6.2 The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced by
a resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the
“General Meeting”) adopted in accordance with the provisions set out for an
amendment of these Articles.

6.3 In addition to the share capital, the Shareholder(s) may decide to
set up a share premium account. Any premium paid on shares in addition to the
par value must in its entirety be transferred into this share premium account. The
funds of the share premium account may be used by the Company to redeem the
Company's own shares from Shareholders, to offset any net realised losses, to
make distributions to Shareholders or to allocate funds to the legal reserve.

6.4 In addition to the share capital and share premium account, the
Company may maintain a capital contribution account 115 (compté 115 “Apport
en capitaux propres non rémunéré par des titres ”) on which the Company shall
allocate any capital contributions to the Company which will be made without
issue by the Company of any new shares in consideration for the relevant
contribution.

6.5 The Company may acquire its own shares. The Board may decide
to cancel the redeemed shares and decide upon the capital reduction
corresponding to the amount of redeemed shares, but not falling below the
statutory minimum share capital, to be evidenced by a notarial deed. This notarial
deed needs to be established within the month of the cancellation and the decision
upon capital reduction by the Board.

6.6 Without prejudice to the possibility of the Company to redeem its
own shares under article 6.5, the Company may issue fully or partially

redeemable shares (the “Redeemable Shares”). The share capital of the


Company shall never fall below the legal minimum of the USD equivalent of
twelve thousand Euro (EUR 12,000.-).

6.7 The Board may decide not to pay whole or part of the redemption
price on the Redeemable Shares, in case the Board deems that such a redemption
causes the Company not to be in position to pay its debts when falling due. The
decision of the Board not to pay the redemption price suspends the obligation to

redeem the Redeemable Shares towards the holder(s) of those Redeemable

Shares.
7. Shares
7.1 All shares are and remain in registered form.
7.2 Ownership of a share carries implicit acceptance of these Articles

and the resolutions adopted by the Shareholders.

7.3 Each share entitles each Shareholder to one vote in respect of such
share, subject to the limitations imposed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

7.4 Each share of the Company is indivisible vis-a-vis the Company.
Co-owners of shares must be represented by a common representative vis-a-vis
the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights
attached to the share until a common representative has been notiﬁed by the co-
owners to the Company in writing or by fax.

8. Transfer of shares

8.1 The shares and founders’ shares with voting rights may be
transferred freely amongst the Shareholders.

8.2 Where the Company has a sole Shareholder, such a Shareholder
may freely transfer his/her/its shares.

8.3 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
shares to third parties requires the prior consent of the Shareholders representing
at least half of the issued shares of the Company.

8.4 If a Shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third
party, this transferring Shareholder must send a notice to the Company with all
relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the transferee,
the transfer price, and, if relevant, the conditions applicable to the transfer.

8.5 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the Shareholders in
accordance with article 8.3, the Shareholders may, within three (3) months from

the date of refusal by the Company, acquire the share(s), unless otherwise agreed,


or procure the acquisition of the share(s) at a price determined between the parties
and the terms of the proposed transfer set out under 8.4 and any other terms and
conditions negotiated between the parties, with the exception of the transferring
shareholder deciding not to proceed with the transfer. Upon request of the Board,
the period of three (3) months can be extended by the judge of the Luxembourg
district court (Tribunal d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and
interim relief, it being understood that this extension shall not exceed six (6)
months.

8.6 The Company may within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring Shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an
amount corresponding to the aggregate par value of the relevant share(s) and (ii)
redeem and cancel those shares at a price and on the terms and conditions
determined in accordance with article 8.5. If the transferring Shareholder does not
consent to the capital reduction, the transfer shall in such a case take place in
accordance with articles 8.3 and 8.5.

8.7 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
shares and founders’ shares with voting rights to third parties for reasons of death
of any Shareholder requires the consent of the Shareholders representing at least
half of the issued shares of the Company belonging to the surviving Shareholders.

8.8 If after the period mentioned under article 8.5 neither the existing
Shareholders have acquired nor the Company has redeemed its shares, the
transferring Shareholder may freely sell his/her/its shares to the proposed new
shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notiﬁed to the
Company.

8.9 Any transfer of shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or
under private seal. No transfer of shares is binding vis-a-vis the Company or vis-
a-vis third parties unless duly notified to the Company or accepted by the
Company in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law on transfers of
claims, in particular, without limitation, article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil
Code.

BOARD; AUDITOR
9. Managers
91 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers, who

do not need to be Shareholders (each a “Manager” and collectively the

“Manager(s)”).


9.2 The Managers are appointed by the Shareholders who determine (i)
their number, (ii) their remuneration and (iii) the limited or unlimited duration of
their mandate.

9.3 The Managers will hold ofﬁce until their successors are elected.
They may be re-elected and may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the Shareholders.

9.4 The Shareholders may decide to qualify the appointed Managers as
class A managers and class B managers respectively.

9.5 Even after the term of their mandate has ended, the Managers are
not entitled to disclose conﬁdential information of the Company or any Company
information which may be detrimental to the Company's interests, except when
such a disclosure is mandatory by law.

9.6 The sole Manager or, as the case may be, the Board may confer its
powers to conduct the daily management and affairs of the Company and
represent the Company in relation to such a daily management and affairs on any
Manager(s) or any other person, who need not be a Shareholder, acting alone or
jointly, at such terms as the sole Manager or, as the case may be the Board, shall
determine. Their appointment removal and powers shall be determined either by
these Articles or by a resolution of the Board.

10. Board of Managers

10.1 Where more than one Manager has been appointed, the Managers
will constitute a board (the “Board”).

10.2 The Board may appoint a Manager as its chair (the “Chair of the
Board”).

11. Powers of the Board and the sole Manager

11.1 The Board is vested with full powers to act on behalf of the
Company and to authorise, on behalf of the Company, all acts whether of an
administrative or of a disposal nature which the Board in its full discretion deems
necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company's object. All powers not
expressly reserved by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to the
Shareholders fall within the competence of the Board.

11.2 The Board may also set up one or more committee(s) and
determine its/their composition and powers and delegate certain powers and/or
special mandates to them.

11.3 The Board may confer certain powers and/or special mandates to


act on behalf of and bind the Company, vis-a-vis third parties, to one or several
Manager(s), Shareholder(s) or third parties, any of these acting either alone or
jointly as determined by the Board.

11.4 In case of a sole Manager, the aforesaid powers in this article 11
shall be invested in the sole Manager.

12. Meetings of the Board and written decisions

12.1 The Board will meet upon the request of any Manager, and where
there are both class A Managers and class B Managers, by at least one Manager
of each class.

12.2 The Chair of the Board, or any Manager, in case no Chair of the
Board has been appointed, will inform the other Managers of the place, date, time
and agenda of the meeting by written notice or email. No separate notice is
required for meetings held at places, dates and times speciﬁed in a time schedule
previously adopted by a decision of the Board and in case of urgency.

12.3 The above mentioned notice requirement may be waived in writing
by the concerned Manager(s) or by the unanimous consent of all Managers at the
relevant meeting of the Board or otherwise.

12.4 At each Board meeting, the Board shall appoint the chair of the
relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the Managers present or represented
at such a meeting.

12.5 The Board may also appoint a secretary, whether a Manager or not,
who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meeting.

12.6 Each Manager may attend and act at any Board meeting by
appointing another Manager by way of written proxy as her/his representative.

12.7 Managers may participate and express their vote in a Board
meeting by means of a conference call, by videoconference or by any similar
means of communication enabling several persons participating therein to
simultaneously communicate with each other. These methods of participation are
to be considered as equivalent to a physical presence at the relevant meeting
deemed to be held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

12.8 A quorum of the Board shall be the presence or the representation
of a majority of the Managers holding ofﬁce, provided, whenever applicable, that
at least a class A Manager and a class B Manager are present. Decisions will be
taken by a majority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at the

relevant meeting and this majority shall at least, whenever applicable, include a


class A Manager and a class B Manager. In the case of a tied vote, the Chair of
the Board does not have a casting vote.

12.9 The minutes of Board meetings must be drawn up and signed by
all Managers present at the relevant meeting. Any powers of attorney shall remain
attached to the minutes.

12.10 A written resolution signed by all Managers is proper and valid as
though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board which was duly convened
and held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company. Such a resolution can be
documented in either a single document signed by all Managers or in several
separate documents all with the same content each of them signed by one or
several Managers.

12.11 Where only one Manager has been appointed, such a Manager has
full power to act on behalf of and validly bind the Company without the need of
any decision in writing or minutes of the sole Manager’s decisions.

12.12 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the Board meeting shall be
certiﬁed by the Chair of the Board or any two Managers.

13. Representation of the Company

13.1 Where only one Manager has been appointed, the Company will be
bound vis-a-vis third parties by the sole signature of that Manager as well as by
the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom such a Manager has
delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

13.2 Where the Company is managed by a Board, the Company will be
bound vis-a-vis third parties by the joint signatures of any two Managers as well
as by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom the Board has
delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

13.3 Notwithstanding the above, the Company will be bound vis-a-vis
third parties only by the joint signatures of one class A manager and one class B
manager if the Shareholder(s) has/have qualiﬁed the Managers as class A
managers and class B managers as well as by the joint or single signature of any
person(s) to whom the Board has delegated signatory authority, within the limits
of such an authority.

14. Conﬂict of Interests

14.1 Subject to the following, the conﬂict of interest rules as set out in
article 57 of the Law shall apply.

14.2 No contract or other business between the Company and any third


party company or ﬁrm shall be affected or invalidated by the sole fact that one or
several duly authorised representatives of the Company, including but not limited
to any Manager, (i) has a direct or indirect ﬁnancial interest conﬂicting With the
interests of the Company in, or (ii) is a duly authorised representative and/or
shareholder of the said other company or ﬁrm (the “Conflicted
Representative”).

14.3 The Conﬂicted Representative shall not be automatically prevented
from participating in the deliberations or voting on any such transaction, contract
or other business. For all contracts or other business not (i) falling Within the
scope of the day-to-day management of the Company, (ii) being concluded in the
Company's ordinary course of business and (iii) being concluded at arm's length,
the Conﬂicted Representative shall inform the Board of any such personal
interest and shall not deliberate or vote on any such transaction or other business,
and the Shareholders shall be notiﬁed of such a transaction or other business and
the Conﬂicted Representative's interest therein. Where by reason of conﬂicts of
interest on a speciﬁc transaction, contract or other business, the requirements
provided under article 12.8 of these Articles in order to deliberate and vote on
such a transaction, contract or other business are not fulﬁlled, the Board may
decide to submit the decision on such a transaction, contract or other business to
the approval of the General Meeting.

14.4 If the Conﬂicted Representative is the sole manager, the relevant
contract or other business not (i) being concluded in the Company's ordinary
course of business and (ii) being concluded at arm's length shall be approved by
the General Meeting or the sole Shareholder (as the case may be).

14.5 The daily manager(s) of the Company, if any, are mutatis mutandis
subject to articles 14.2 to 14.4 of these Articles. If only one (1) daily manager has
been appointed and becomes a Conﬂicted Representative, the relevant decision
shall be adopted by the Board. Where by reason of conﬂicts of interest on a
speciﬁc transaction, contract or other business, the requirements provided under
article 12.8 of these Articles in order to deliberate and vote on such a transaction,
contract or other business are not fulﬁlled, the daily manager(s) may decide to
submit the decision on such a transaction, contract or other business to the
approval of the Board.

15. Indemniﬁcation of Managers

15.1 The Company Will indemnify its Manager(s), and, if applicable,

-10-


their successors, heirs, executors and administrators, against damages and
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to
which the Manager(s) is/(are) party for being or having been Manager(s) of the
Company or, at the request of the Company, of any other company of which the
Company is a shareholder or creditor if and to the extent they are not entitled to
indemniﬁcation by this other company.

15.2 Indemniﬁcation will only be provided if and to the extent the
Manager(s) is/(are) not ﬁnally adjudged in an action, suit or proceeding to be
liable for gross negligence or misconduct.

15.3 In the event of a settlement, indemniﬁcation will only be provided
if and to the extent the Company is advised by its legal counsel that the
Manager(s) did not commit a breach of his/her duties.

15.4 The foregoing right of indemniﬁcation does not exclude other
rights to which the Manager(s) and, if applicable its/(their) successors, heirs,
executors and administrators may be entitled.

16. Audit

16.1 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d ’entreprises agréé) is
required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company has
more than sixty (60) Shareholders, the Company's annual accounts are to be
audited by one or more statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes), which
can either be one or several Shareholders or third persons.

16.2 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d ’entreprises agréé) is
required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company has
sixty (60) or fewer Shareholders, the Shareholders may decide, without being
obliged to do so, to have the annual accounts audited by one or more statutory
auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes), being either Shareholders or third
persons.

16.3 The auditor(s) shall be appointed by the Shareholders who shall
determine the (i) number of auditor(s), (ii) remuneration of the auditor(s) and (iii)
duration of the mandate of the auditor(s). The auditor(s) will hold ofﬁce until
their successors are elected. They may be re-elected at the end of their term and
they may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Shareholders.

…

17. Shareholders' Resolutions

17.1 The Shareholders decide by passing resolutions either in General

_11_


Meeting or, subject to the limitations set forth in these Articles and the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, by written resolution.

17.2 One vote is attached to each share, except as otherwise provided
for by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

17.3 Any amendment to the Articles (including the change of the
Company's nationality) must be approved by Shareholders representing three-
quarters (3/4) of the issued share capital of the Company, except as otherwise
required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or by the Articles.

17.4 All other Shareholders' resolutions must be approved by
Shareholders representing more than half of the issued share capital of the
Company, except as otherwise required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or by the Articles. In case the quorum is not reached at the ﬁrst
meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened or consulted a second time, by
registered letter, and decisions shall be adopted by a majority in number of the
votes cast, regardless of the portion of issued share capital represented by such
votes.

17.5 The Board may suspend the voting rights of any Shareholder in
breach of its obligations under these Articles and/or any other contractual
arrangements entered into by any such Shareholder.

17.6 A Shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily
or permanently, all or part of its voting rights. The waiving Shareholder is bound
by such a waiver which shall become mandatory to the Company upon
notiﬁcation to the latter.

17.7 In case the voting rights of one or several Shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 17.5 hereof or the exercise of the voting
rights has been waived by one or several Shareholders in accordance with article
17.6 hereof, such Shareholders may attend any General Meeting but the shares
they hold are not taken into account for the determination of the conditions of
quorum and majority to be complied with at the General Meeting.

18. Written Resolutions

18.1 If the Company has sixty (60) or fewer Shareholders, the
Shareholders' resolutions do not have to be passed in General Meetings but may
also be passed by written resolution.

18.2 The text of resolutions to be adopted by written resolution will be

sent to the Shareholders in writing by the Board by registered letter, letter, e-mail

-12-


or fax. Shareholders are under the obligation to cast their vote and send it back to
the Board by registered letter, letter, e-mail or fax within ﬁfteen (15) days as from
the receipt of the letter. Any votes not cast within this time frame will be
considered as having abstained from voting.

18.3 The formal requirements set forth in article 18.2 of the Articles for
passing written Shareholders' resolutions may be waived by unanimous written
resolution of all Shareholders in the relevant written resolution or otherwise.

18.4 The formal requirements set forth in article 18.2 of the Articles for
passing written Shareholders' resolutions do not apply if the Company has only
one Shareholder. All resolutions adopted by a sole Shareholder must, however, be
documented in writing and signed by the sole Shareholder.

18.5 Any copies or extracts of the written Shareholders' resolutions
shall be certiﬁed by the Board.

19. General Meetings

19.1 An annual General Meeting needs only be held if the Company has
more than sixty (60) Shareholders. In that case, this annual General Meeting shall
be held in accordance with the Law.

19.2 General Meetings are convened in accordance with the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by notice of the Board, the auditor(s) of the
Company or the Shareholder(s) representing at least half of the issued share
capital of the Company (as the case may be).

19.3 A General Meeting may only be held abroad if, in the opinion of
the Board, this should be necessary due to circumstances of force majeure.

19.4 The notice convening the General Meeting shall indicate the place,
date, time and agenda of the meeting and shall be sent to the Shareholders at least
eight (8) days prior to the meeting. The above mentioned notice requirement may
be waived in writing by the concerned Shareholder(s) or by the unanimous
written consent of all Shareholders at the relevant meeting of the Shareholders.

19.5 Any duly constituted General Meeting represents all the
Shareholders of the Company.

19.6 If the Company has only a sole Shareholder, this sole Shareholder
exercises the powers granted to the General Meeting by the applicable law and
these Articles. Articles 710-18 to 710-22 and 710-26 of the Law are not
applicable to that situation.

20. Procedure at General Meetings

-13-


20.1 A Shareholder may act at a General Meeting by appointing a
representative, who does not have to be a Shareholder, in writing or by fax.

20.2 Shareholder(s) may participate in a General Meeting by means of a
conference call, by videoconference or by any similar means of communication
enabling several persons to communicate with each other. Such participation shall
be deemed equivalent to a physical presence at the relevant meeting.

20.3 The Board may determine all other conditions that must be
fulﬁlled in order to take part in a General Meeting.

20.4 At each meeting of the Shareholders, the Shareholders shall
appoint the chair of the relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the
Shareholders present or represented at such a meeting (the “Chair of the General
Meeting”).

20.5 The Chair of the General Meeting will appoint a secretary. The
Shareholders will appoint one or several scrutineer(s). The Chair of the General
Meeting together with the secretary and the scrutineer(s) form the bureau of the
General Meeting (the “Bureau”).

20.6 An attendance list indicating the (i) name of the Shareholders, (ii)
number of shares held by them and, if applicable, (iii) name of the representative,
must be drawn up and signed by the members of the Bureau.

20.7 Minutes of the resolutions of the General Meeting shall be drawn
up and signed by the Bureau.

20.8 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the General Meeting shall be
certiﬁed by the Board.

21. Right to information

One or several Shareholders holding together at least ten percent (10%) of
the share capital or the voting rights may submit questions in writing to the Board
relating to transactions in connection with the management of the Company as
well as companies controlled by the Company; with respect to the latter, such
questions shall be assessed in consideration of the relevant entities' corporate
interest. In the absence of a response within one (1) month, the relevant
Shareholder(s) may request the judge of the Luxembourg district court (Tribunal
d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and interim relief, to
appoint one or several experts in charge of presenting a report on such related
transactions referred to in the written question(s).

FINANCIAL YEAR: DISTRIBUTIONS OF EARNINGS

-14-


22. Financial year

The Company's ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst day of the month of
January and ends on the last day of the month of December.

23. Approval of ﬁnancial statements

23.1 At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the
Board will draw up the annual accounts of the Company in accordance with the
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

23.2 The Board will submit the annual accounts of the Company to the
company's auditor(s), if any, for review and to the Shareholders for approval.

23.3 Each Shareholder may inspect the annual accounts at the registered
ofﬁce of the Company as provided for by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

24. Allocation of Proﬁts

24.1 From the annual net proﬁts of the Company (if any), 5% (ﬁve per
cent.) shall be allocated to a legal reserve (the “Legal Reserve”). This allocation
shall cease to be required as soon as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10% (ten per
cent.) of the share capital of the Company, but shall again be compulsory if the
Legal Reserve falls below 10% (ten per cent.) of the share capital of the
Company.

24.2 After allocation to the Legal Reserve, the Shareholders shall
determine how the remainder of the annual net proﬁts will be disposed of. The
Shareholders may decide to allocate the whole or part of the remainder to a
reserve or to a provision, to carry it forward to the next following ﬁnancial year
or to distribute it, together with proﬁts carried forward from previous ﬁnancial
years, distributable reserves or share premium to the shareholders as dividend.

25. Interim dividends

The Board is authorised to pay out interim dividends, provided that current
interim accounts have been drawn up and that said interim accounts show that the
Company has sufﬁcient available funds for such a distribution, in accordance
with the conditions set forth under article 710-25 of the Law.

DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

26. Dissolution and liquidation

26.1 The dissolution of the Company may be resolved by its
Shareholders with the same quorum and majority required to amend these

Articles, unless otherwise provided by the laws of the Grand Duchy of

-15-


Luxembourg.

26.2 Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried
out by one or more liquidators appointed by the Shareholders determining powers
and compensation of the liquidator(s).

26.3 After payment of all the outstanding debts of and charges against
the Company, including taxes and expenses pertaining to the liquidation process,
the remaining net assets of the Company shall be distributed equally to the
Shareholders pro rata to the number of the shares held by them.

APPLICABLE LAW

27. Applicable law

All matters not governed by these Articles shall be determined by the
applicable provisions of Luxembourg law.”

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

Thereupon, the Sole Shareholder, represented by the Representative,
declared to subscribe to all the ﬁfteen thousand (15,000) shares issued by the
Company, each with a nominal value of one United States dollar (USD 1.-) and to
fully pay such shares by a contribution in cash.

Proof of such payment has been given to the undersigned notary who states
that the conditions set forth in article 710-6 of the law of 10 August 1915 on
commercial companies, as amended by article 1832 of the civil code, as amended,
have been fulﬁlled and expressly bears witness to their fulﬁlment.

TRANSITORY PROVISION

The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year of the Company will begin on the present date and
end on 31 December 2019.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The Sole Shareholder, represented by the Representative, in its capacity as
sole shareholder of the Company, thereupon passed the following resolutions:

1. The number of the members of the board of managers of the
Company is set at four (4) and the following persons are appointed as managers
of the Company for an unlimited period:

0 Mr Ryan MACKAY, born in Washington, United States of America, on
19 November 1977, with professional address at 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as class A manager;

0 Mr David CATALA, born in Gent, Belgium, on 19 January 1979, with
professional address at 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand

-16-


Duchy of Luxembourg, as class A manager;

0 Mr Daniel Eric FREIMAN, born in Fairfax, Virginia, United States of
America, on 17 December 1971, with professional address at 12110 Sunset Hills
Road, Suite 600, Reston, VA 20190, United States of America, as class B
manager;

. Mrs Shana C. SMITH, born in Towson, Maryland, United States of
America, on 11 February 1973, with professional address at 12110 Sunset Hills
Road, Suite 600, Reston, VA 20190, United States of America, as class B
manager;

2. The registered ofﬁce of the Company shall be at 6, rue Eugene
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will
have to be borne by the Company as a result of this deed are estimated at
approximately one thousand one hundred and ﬁfty Euros (EUR 1,150.-).

STATEMENT

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English and French,
states herewith that, on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is
worded in English followed by a French version; on request of the same
appearing party, and in case of discrepancies between the English and the French
text, the English version will prevail.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in Redange/Attert, in the
undersigned notary's study, at the date indicated at the beginning of the
document.

After reading the present deed to the Representative of the appearing party,
acting as said before, known to the notary by his name, ﬁrst name, civil status and
residence, said Representative has signed with Us, the notary, the present deed.

Suit la version française du texte gui précède:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le treizieme jour du mois de décembre;

Pardevant Nous Maitre Danielle KOLBACH, notaire de residence à
Redange-sur-Attert (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg), soussignée;

A COMPARU:

NII International Holdings S.à.r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée

constituée selon les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, ayant son siege social

à 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et

-17-


enregistrée auprès du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg sous
le numéro B149229 (“l'Associé Unique”),

ici représentée par Monsieur Christian DOSTERT, clerc de notaire,
demeurant professionnellement à L-851O Redange-sur-Attert, 66, Grand-Rue, (le
“Représentant”), en vertu d'une procuration sous seing privé lui délivrée;
laquelle procuration, après avoir été signée “ne varietur” par le Représentant et le
notaire instrumentant, restera annexée au présent acte aﬁn d'être enregistrée avec
lui.

L'Associé Unique, représenté par le Représentant, a requis le notaire
instrumentant d’arrêter comme suit les statuts d’une société à responsabilité
limitée qu'il déclare constituer:

“STATUTS
FORME, DÉNOMINATION, SIÈGE SOCIAL, OBJET, DURÉE

1. Forme

1.1 11 est formé une société sous la forme d'une société à responsabilité
limitée (la “Société”) qui est régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,
notamment par la loi luxembourgeoise du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (la “Loi”), par l'article 1832 du Code civil
luxembourgeois, tel que modiﬁé, ainsi que par les présents statuts (les “Statuts”).

1.2 La Société peut compter un associé unique ou plusieurs associés
(l"‘Associé” ou les “Associés”), à condition que le nombre d'Associés n’excède
pas cent (100).

1.3 Si le nombre d’Associés excède (pour quelque raison que ce soit)
la limite de cent (100), la Société doit être convertie dans un délai d’un (1) an à
compter de la date à laquelle cette limite a été dépassée. Dans le cas où la
conversion n’a pas lieu, les autorités compétentes pourraient demander la
liquidation de la Société.

2. Dénomination

La Société existe sous la dénomination “NII Brazil Holdings S.à r.l.”.

3. Siège Social

3.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la municipalité de
Luxembourg.

3.2 Le gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le conseil de gérance de la

Société (le “Conseil” tel que déﬁni à l'article 9.1) est autorisé à changer l'adresse

du siège social de la Société au sein de la municipalité du siège social de la

-18-


Société ou de toute autre municipalité du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et à
modiﬁer les présents Statuts en conséquence.

3.3 Des succursales ou autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soit à l'étranger par une décision du Conseil.

3.4 Au cas où le Conseil estimerait que des événements extraordinaires
d'ordre politique, économique ou social seraient de nature à compromettre
l'activité normale de la Société à son siège social ou faciliter la communication
avec ledit siège ou entre ledit siège et des personnes à l'étranger ou que de tels
événements seraient imminents, elle pourra transférer temporairement le siège
social à l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation complète de ces circonstances anormales.
Cette mesure provisoire n'aura aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société,
laquelle, nonobstant le transfert provisoire de son siège social, restera régie par
les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4. Objet social

41 La Société a pour objet social la prise de participations directes et
indirectes et la détention de ces participations dans toutes entreprises
luxembourgeoises ou étrangères ainsi que l’administration, la gestion et la mise
en valeur de ces participations.

Ceci inclut, mais n'est pas limité à l'investissement, l'acquisition, la vente,
l'octroi ou l'émission (sans offre publique concernant l’émission par la Société
d’instruments de capital et/ou autres instruments de dettes convertibles) de
certiﬁcats de capital préférentiels, prêts, obligations, reconnaissances de dettes et
autres formes de dettes (convertibles ou non), parts sociales, bons de
souscriptions et autres instruments de capital ou droits, incluant sans limitation,
des parts de capital social, participations dans une association (limited
partnership), participations dans une société à responsabilité limitée (limited
liability company), parts préférentielles, valeurs mobilières et swaps, et toute
combinaison de ce qui précède, qu'ils soient facilement réalisables ou non, ainsi
que des engagements (incluant mais non limité à des engagements relatifs à des
valeurs synthétiques) de sociétés, entités ou autres personnes juridiques de tout
type.

4.2 La Société peut employer ses fonds pour investir dans
l’immobilier, les droits de propriété intellectuelle ou dans tout autre actif mobilier
ou immobilier et ce, sous quelque forme que ce soit.

4.3 La Société peut accorder des gages, garanties, privilèges,

_19_


hypothèques et toute autre forme de sûretés ainsi que toute forme d'indemnités, à
des entités luxembourgeoises ou étrangères, en relation avec ses propres
obligations et dettes.

4.4 La Société peut accorder toute forme d'assistance (incluant mais
non limité à l'octroi d'avances, prêts, dépôts d'argent et crédits ainsi que l'octroi de
gages, garanties, privilèges, hypothèques et toute autre forme de suretés, de toute
sorte et forme) aux ﬁliales de la Société. De manière plus occasionnelle, la
Société peut accorder le même type d'assistance aux sociétés qui font partie du
même groupe de sociétés que la Société ou à des tiers, sous condition que cela
tombe dans l'intérêt social et sans engendrer une obligation d'une autorisation
spéciﬁque.

4.5 La Société peut généralement employer toutes techniques ou
instruments relatifs à ses investissements aﬁn d'en assurer une gestion efﬁcace, y
compris toutes techniques ou instruments visant à protéger la Société contre les
risques de crédit, cours de change, taux d'intérêts et autres risques.

4.6 D'une manière générale, la Société peut effectuer toute opération
commerciale, industrielle ou ﬁnancière et s'engager dans d’autres activités qu'elle
jugera nécessaire, conseillée, appropriée, incidente à ou non contradictoire avec
l'accomplissement et le développement de ce qui précède.

4.7 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société ne s'engagera dans aucune
transaction qui entraînerait son engagement dans une quelconque activité qui
serait considérée comme une activité réglementée ou qui requerrait de la Société
la possession de toute autre autorisation spéciﬁque.

5. Durée

La Société est établie pour une durée illimitée.

CAPITAL SOCIAL: CESSION DE PARTS SOCIALES

6. Capital Social

6.1 Le capital social souscrit de la Société est ﬁxé à quinze mille
dollars des États-Unis (USD 15.000,-) divisé en quinze mille (15.000) parts
sociales ayant une valeur nominale d'un dollar des États-Unis (USD l,-) chacune.

6.2 Le capital de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
résolution de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société (l"‘Assemblée
Générale”) adoptée conformément aux dispositions exigées pour la modiﬁcation
des présents Statuts.

6.3 En plus du capital social, les Associés peuvent décider d'établir un

_20_


compte prime d'émission. Toutes les primes payées sur des parts sociales en plus
de la valeur nominale doivent être transférées dans leur intégralité à ce compte
prime d'émission. L’avoir de ce compte de prime d'émission peut être utilisé par
la Société pour racheter les propres parts sociales de la Société de ses Associés,
pour compenser des pertes nettes réalisées, pour effectuer des distributions aux
Associés, ou pour allouer des fonds à la réserve légale.

6.4 En plus du capital social et du compte de prime d'émission, la
Société peut tenir un compte 115 “Apport en capitaux propres non rémunéré par
des titres» sur lequel la Société allouera tous les apports en capital àla Société qui
s'effectuera sans que la Société émette de nouvelles parts sociales en contrepartie
de l'apport concerné.

6.5 La Société peut acquérir ses propres parts sociales. Le Conseil peut
décider d’annuler les parts sociales rachetées et se prononcer sur la réduction de
capital correspondant au nombre de parts sociales rachetées mais ne pouvant être
inférieure au capital social minimal obligatoire, devant être formalisée par un acte
notarié. Cet acte notarié doit être établi au cours du mois de l’annulation et de la
décision du Conseil de réduire le capital.

6.6 Sans préjudice de la possibilité de la Société de racheter ses
propres parts sociales en vertu de l’article 6.9, la Société peut émettre en totalité
ou en partie des parts sociales rachetables (les “Parts Sociales Rachetables”). Le
capital social de la Société ne doit jamais être inférieur au minimum obligatoire
de l'équivalent USD de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000,-).

6.7 Le Conseil peut décider de ne pas régler tout ou une partie du prix
de rachat des Parts Sociales Rachetables, si le Conseil estime que ce rachat
contraint la Société à ne pas s’acquitter de ses dettes à échéance. La décision du
Conseil de ne pas régler le prix de rachat suspend l’obligation de racheter les
Parts Sociales Rachetables auprès du/des détenteur(s) de ces Parts Sociales

Rachetables.

7. Parts sociales
7.1 Toutes les parts sociales sont et restent nominatives.
7.2 La propriété de toute part sociale implique l'acceptation des

présents Statuts et des résolutions prises par les Associés.
7.3 Chaque part sociale confère à chaque Associé une voix, sous
réserve des limitations imposées par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

7.4 Chaque part sociale de la Société est indivisible à l’égard de la

_21_


Société. Les propriétaires indivis de parts sociales sont tenus de se faire
représenter auprès de la Société par un mandataire commun. La Société a le droit
de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits attachés àla part sociale jusqu'à ce qu'un

mandataire commun ait été notiﬁé par les propriétaires à la Société par écrit ou

facsimilé.
8. Transfert de parts sociales
8.1 Les parts sociales et les parts sociales de fondateurs assorties de

droits de vote peuvent être librement cédées entre les Associés.

8.2 Lorsque la Société a un Associé unique, cet Associé peut transférer
ses parts sociales librement

8.3 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, tout
transfert de parts sociales à des tiers requiert l’agrément des Associés représentant
au moins la moitié du capital social émis.

8.4 Si un Associé entend transférer une ou plusieurs parts sociales à un
tiers, l’Associé cédant doit remettre une notiﬁcation à la Société comprenant
toutes les informations utiles du projet de transfert, y compris l’identité du
cessionnaire, le prix de transfert, et, le cas échéant, les conditions applicables au
transfert.

8.5 Si le projet de transfert n’est pas approuvé par les Associés
conformément à l’article 8.3, les Associés peuvent, dans les trois (3) mois suivant
la date de refus de la Société, acquérir la ou les parts sociales, sauf accord
contraire, ou obtenir l’acquisition de la ou des parts sociales à un prix devant être
déterminé entre les parties et aux conditions du projet de transfert décrites à
l’article 8.4 et autres conditions négociées entre les parties, à l’exception de
l’associé cédant décidant de ne pas poursuivre le transfert. À la demande du
Conseil, la période de trois (3) mois peut être prolongée par le juge du tribunal
d’arrondissement de Luxembourg, siégeant en matière commerciale comme en
référé, étant entendu que cette prolongation ne devra pas être supérieure à six (6)
mois.

8.6 La Société peut dans ce même délai et avec l’agrément de
l’Associé cédant, décider (i) de réduire son capital social d’un montant
correspondant à la valeur nominale globale de la (des) part(s) sociale(s)
concernée(s) et (ii) de racheter et annuler ces parts sociales à un prix déterminé
conformément à l'article 8.5. Si les associés cédants ne consentent pas à la

réduction du capital, le transfert aura alors lieu conformément aux articles 8.3 et

_22_


8.5.

8.7 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, tout
transfert de parts sociales et de parts sociales assorties de droits de vote des
fondateurs à des tiers en raison du décès d’un Associé requiert l’agrément des
Associés représentant au moins la moitié du capital social appartenant aux
Associés survivants.

8.8 Si à l’issue de la période mentionnée en vertu de l’article 8.5 ni les
Associés existants n’ont acquis ni la Société n’a racheté ses parts sociales,
l’Associé cédant pourra vendre ses parts sociales librement au nouvel ou aux
nouveaux associés envisagés au prix et aux conditions de transfert qui ont été
notifiés àla Société.

8.9 Tout transfert de parts sociales doit être formalisé par un acte
notarié ou sous seing privé. Un tel transfert de parts sociales n'est opposable à la
Société et aux tiers qu’après avoir été signiﬁé à la Société ou accepté par elle
conformément au droit luxembourgeois applicable en matière de transfert de

créances, notamment, sans s’y limiter, à l'article 1690 du Code civil

luxembourgeois.
GERANCE, COMMISSAIRE AUX COMPTES
9. Gérants
9.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés ou non

(individuellement le “Gérant” ensemble les “Gérants”).

9.2 Les Gérants sont nommés par les Associés, qui fixent (i) leur
nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) le caractère limité ou illimité de leur
mandat.

9.3 Chaque Gérant exercera ses fonctions jusqu'à ce que son
successeur soit nommé. Il peut être renommé(e) et révoqué(e) à tout moment par
les Associés, avec ou sans motif.

9.4 Les Associés peuvent décider de qualiﬁer les Gérants nommés de
gérants de catégorie A et de gérants de catégorie B, respectivement.

9.5 Le(s) Gérant(s) ne révélera(ont) pas, même après le terme de leur
mandat, des informations confidentielles de la Société ou toute information
concernant la Société dont la révélation pourrait porter préjudice aux intérêts de la
Société, excepté lorsqu'une telle révélation est obligatoire par la loi.

9.6 Le Gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le Conseil peut déléguer ses

pouvoirs de gestion journalière, de conduite des affaires et de représentation de la

_23_


Société pour ce qui concerne cette gestion journalière et cette conduite des
affaires à n’importe quel Gérant ou toute autre personne, Associé ou non, agissant
seul ou conjointement, selon des modalités que le Gérant unique ou, selon le cas,
le Conseil déterminera. La révocation de leur nomination et leurs pouvoirs sont
déterminés soit par les présents Statuts soit par une décision du Conseil.

10. Conseil de Gérance

10.1 Si plus d'un Gérant a été nommé, les Gérants constitueront un
conseil (le “Conseil”).

10.2 Le Conseil peut choisir parmi ses membres un président (le
“Président du Conseil”).

11. Pouvoirs du Conseil et du Gérant unique

11.1 Le Conseil est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir au
nom et pour le compte de la Société et pour accomplir et autoriser au nom et pour
le compte de la Société tous les actes d'administration ou de disposition qu’elle
jugera à sa seule discrétion nécessaires ou utiles pour la réalisation de l'objet
social de la Société. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés par
les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par les présents Statuts aux Associés
sont de la compétence du Conseil.

11.2 Le Conseil peut aussi créer un ou plusieurs comité(s) et déterminer
sa/leur composition et ses/leurs pouvoirs et leur déléguer certains pouvoirs et/ou
mandats spéciaux.

11.3 Le Conseil peut conférer certains pouvoirs ou mandats spéciaux
pour agir au nom et pour le compte de et engager la Société envers les tiers à un
ou plusieurs Gérants, Associés ou tiers, agissant chacun soit seul ou
conjointement tel que déterminé par le Conseil.

11.4 En cas d'a un Gérant unique, les pouvoirs susmentionnés à l'article
11 incombent au Gérant unique.

12. Réunions du Conseil et résolutions circulaires

12.1 Le Conseil se réunira à la demande de tout Gérant et, lorsqu’il est
composé de Gérants de catégorie A et de Gérants de catégorie B, par au moins un
Gérant de chaque catégorie.

12.2 Le Président du Conseil, ou tout Gérant ou représentant autorisé si
aucun Président du Conseil n'a été nommé, indiquera aux autres Gérants le lieu, la
date, l'heure et l'ordre du jour de la réunion par avis écrit ou par courriel. Aucune

convocation spéciale ne sera requise pour les réunions se tenant en des lieux,

_24_


dates et heures spéciﬁés dans un calendrier préalablement adopté par le Conseil et
en cas d'urgence.

12.3 II pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée ci-dessus
avec l'accord écrit du/des Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement unanime de
tous les Gérants donné àla réunion du Conseil concernée.

12.4 Lors de chaque réunion du Conseil, ce dernier désignera le
président de la réunion concernée à la majorité des Gérants présents ou
représentés à cette réunion.

12.5 Le Conseil pourra également nommer un secrétaire, Gérant ou non,
qui sera responsable de la tenue des procès-verbaux de la réunion.

12.6 Chaque Gérant pourra participer et agir aux réunions du Conseil en
désignant par le biais d'une procuration écrite un autre Gérant comme son
mandataire, dans la limite d'une procuration par Gérant participant à la réunion.

12.7 Les Gérants pourront participer et exprimer leur vote à une réunion
du Conseil par conférence téléphonique, par vidéoconférence ou par tout moyen
de télécommunication similaire permettant à plusieurs personnes de
communiquer l'une avec l'autre. Ces moyens de participation doivent être
considérées comme équivalents à une présence physique à la réunion concernée,
présumée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

12.8 Un quorum du Conseil est atteint par la présence ou la
représentation d’une majorité des Gérants en fonction, à condition, le cas échéant,
qu’au moins un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie B soient
présents. Les décisions seront prises à la majorité des votes des Gérants présents
ou représentés à la réunion concernée et cette majorité devra au moins, selon le
cas, inclure un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie B. En cas de
parité des votes, le Président du Conseil n’a pas de voix prépondérante.

12.9 Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil doivent être établies
par écrit et signées par tous les Gérants présents ou représentés à la réunion en
question. Toutes les procurations y seront annexées.

12.10 Une décision écrite par voie circulaire signée par tous les Gérants
est régulière et valable comme si elle avait été adoptée à une réunion du Conseil
dûment convoquée et tenue au siège social de la Société. Une telle décision
pourra être documentée soit par un seul écrit signé par tous les Gérants soit par
plusieurs écrits séparés ayant le même contenu signés chacun par un ou plusieurs

Gérants.

_25_


12.11 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, ce Gérant est investi des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir au nom et pour le compte de et engager
valablement la Société sans avoir à établir des décisions écrites ou des procès-
verbaux des décisions du Gérant unique.

12.12 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux du Conseil seront
certiﬁés par le Président du Conseil ou par deux Gérants.

13. Représentation de la Société

13.1 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, la Société sera engagée vis-à-
vis des tiers par la signature individuelle de ce Gérant ainsi que par la signature
conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui ledit Gérant aura délégué son
pouvoir de signature, dans les limites dudit pouvoir.

13.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un Conseil, la Société sera
engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature conjointe de deux Gérants ainsi que
par la signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui ledit Gérant
aura délégué son pouvoir de signature, dans les limites dudit pouvoir.

13.3 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société sera engagée vis-à-vis des
tiers uniquement par les signatures conjointes d’un gérant de catégorie A et un
gérant de catégorie B si l'associé unique ou les Associés (selon le cas) ont qualiﬁé
les Gérants de gérants de catégorie A et gérants de catégorie B, ainsi que par la
signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne à qui des pouvoirs valides
de représentation ont été délégués par le Conseil, dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

14. Conﬂit d'intérêts

14.1 Conformément à ce qui suit, les règles du conﬂit d’intérêts telles
qu’énoncées à l’article 57 de la Loi s’appliqueront.

14.2 Aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et un tiers ne
sera affecté ou invalidé par le seul fait qu'un ou plusieurs représentants
valablement autorisés de la Société, y inclus notamment tout Gérant, (i) ont un
intérêt ﬁnancier direct ou indirect entrant en conﬂit avec la participation de la
Société dans ledit tiers ou (ii) sont des représentants valablement autorisés et/ou
associés dudit tiers (le “Représentant en Conﬂit”).

14.3 Sauf stipulation contraire prévue ci-après, le Représentant en
Conﬂit ne sera pas automatiquement empêché de participer aux délibérations ou
de voter concernant cette opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction. Concernant
tous les contrats ou autres affaires (i) ne relevant de la gestion journalière de la

Société, (ii) qui ne sont pas conclus dans le cours normal des affaires de la

-26-


Société et (iii) qui ne sont pas conclus selon le principe de pleine concurrence, le
Représentant en Conﬂit devra informer le Conseil de cet intérêt personnel et
s’interdira de délibérer ou de voter concernant cette opération ou autre
transaction, et les Associés devront être notiﬁés de cette opération ou transaction
et de l’intérêt du Représentant en Conﬂit. Si, en raison de conﬂits d’intérêts
concernant une opération, un contrat ou toute autre transaction spéciﬁque, les
exigences prévues à l’article 12.8 des présents Statuts aﬁn de délibérer et de voter
au sujet de cette opération, de ce contrat ou de toute autre transaction ne sont pas
respectées, le Conseil peut décider de soumettre la décision relative à cette
opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction à l’approbation de l’Assemblée
Générale.

14.4 Si le Représentant en Conﬂit est le Gérant unique, le contrat ou
autre transaction en question (i) qui n’est pas conclu dans le cours normal des
affaires de la Société et (ii) qui n’est pas conclu selon le principe de pleine
concurrence devra être approuvé par l’Assemblée Générale ou l’Associé unique
(selon le cas).

14.5 Le(s) délégué(s) à la gestion journalière de la Société sont, le cas
échéant, soumis mutatis mutandis aux articles 14.2 à 14.4 des présents Statuts. Si
un seul (1) délégué à la gestion journalière a été nommé et devient un
Représentant en Conﬂit, la décision en question doit être adoptée par le Conseil.
Si, en raison de conﬂits d’intérêts concernant une opération, un contrat ou toute
autre opération spéciﬁque, les exigences prévues à l’article 12.8 des présents
Statuts aﬁn de délibérer et de voter au sujet de cette opération, de ce contrat ou de
toute autre transaction ne sont pas respectées, le(s) délégué(s) à la gestion
journalière peut/peuvent décider de soumettre la décision relative à cette
opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction à l’approbation du Conseil.

15. Indemnisation des Gérants

15.1 La Société indemnisera son ou ses Gérant(s) et (le cas échéant) ses
héritiers, exécuteurs et administrateurs testamentaires, des dommages et des
dépenses raisonnables faites par celui/ceuX-ci en relation avec toute action, procès
ou procédure à laquelle il/ils a/ont pu être partie en raison de sa/leur fonction
passée ou actuelle de Gérant(s) de la Société ou, à la demande de la Société, de
toute autre société dans laquelle la Société est associée ou créancière et par

laquelle il/ils n'est/ne sont pas autorisé(s) à être indemnisé(s) par cette autre

société.

_27_


15.2 L'indemnisation ne sera due que si le/les Gérant(s) ne sont pas
condamnés lors d'une action, un procès ou une procédure pour grosse négligence
ou faute grave.

15.3 En cas de règlement à l'amiable d'un conﬂit, des indemnités ne
seront accordées que si et dans la mesure où la Société a reçu conﬁrmation par
son conseiller juridique que le/les Gérant(s) n'a/ont pas commis de violation à
ses/leurs devoirs.

15.4 Le prédit droit d'indemnisation n'exclut pas d'autres droits que le
ou les Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou (le cas échéant) ses héritiers, exécuteurs et
administrateurs testamentaires, peuvent revendiquer.

16. Commissaire aux comptes

16.1 Si aucun commissaire aux comptes n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société compte plus de soixante (60)
Associés, les comptes annuels de la Société seront audités par un ou plusieurs
commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s) ou non.

16.2 Si aucun commissaire aux comptes n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société ne compte pas plus de soixante
(60) Associés, les Associés pourront, sans en être obligés, faire auditer les
comptes annuels par un ou plusieurs commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s) ou
non.

16.3 Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes sera/seront nommé(s) par les
Associés qui détermineront (i) leur nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) la durée
de leur mandat. Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes resteront en fonction jusqu’à
ce que leurs successeurs soient élus. Ils sont rééligibles et peuvent être révoqués à
tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par les Associés.

ASSOCIÉS

17. Résolutions des Associés

17.1 Les Associés prennent leurs décisions en adoptant des résolutions
soit en Assemblée Générale soit, sous réserve des limitations des présents Statuts
et des lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, par une résolution écrite.

17.2 Chaque part sociale donne droit à une voix, sauf disposition
contraire prévue par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

17.3 Toute modiﬁcation des Statuts (y compris le changement de
nationalité de la société) devra être approuvée par les Associés représentant les

trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social émis de la Société, sauf disposition contraire

-28-


prévue parles lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par les présents Statuts.

17.4 Toutes autres résolutions des Associés devront être approuvées par
les Associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social émis de la Société,
sauf disposition contraire prévue par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou
par les présents Statuts. Dans le cas où le quorum ne serait pas atteint lors de la
première réunion, les Associés seront convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois,
par lettre recommandée, et les décisions seront adoptées par une majorité en
nombre des voix exprimées, indépendamment de la part du capital social émis
représenté par ces voix.

17.5 Le Conseil pourra suspendre les droits de vote de tout Associé en
violation de ses obligations découlant des présents Statuts et/ou d’autres
arrangements contractuels conclus par cet Associé.

17.6 Un Associé pourra décider individuellement de ne pas exercer, de
manière provisoire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote. L’Associé
qui renonce à cet exercice est lié par cette renonciation qui deviendra obligatoire
pour la Société sur notiﬁcation de cette dernière.

17.7 En cas de suspension des droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs
Associés conformément à l’article 17.5 des présentes ou en cas de renonciation
par un ou plusieurs Associés à exercer les droits de vote conformément à l’article
17.6 des présentes, ces Associés peuvent participer à toute Assemblée Générale.
Toutefois, les parts sociales qu’ils détiennent ne sont pas prises en compte pour la
détermination des conditions du quorum et de la majorité à respecter à
l’Assemblée Générale.

18. Résolutions écrites

18.1 Si la Société compte soixante (60) Associés ou moins, les
décisions des Associés ne devront pas nécessairement être adoptées lors
d’Assemblées Générales mais pourront également être adoptées par voix
circulaire.

18.2 Les résolutions à adopter par voix circulaire seront envoyées aux
Associés par écrit par le Conseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou
facsimilé. Les Associés ont l'obligation de voter et de renvoyer leur bulletin de
vote au Conseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou facsimilé endéans
quinze (15) jours à compter de la réception de la lettre. Tous les votes non émis
durant cette période seront considérés comme une abstention de vote.

18.3 11 est possible de déroger aux exigences énoncées à l’article 18.2

_29_


des Statuts concernant l'adoption de résolutions écrites par les Associés par
décision écrite unanime de tous les Associés dans une résolution écrite appropriée
ou autrement.

18.4 Les exigences énoncées à l’article 18.2 des Statuts concernant
l'adoption de résolutions écrites par les Associés ne s'appliqueront pas si la
Société ne compte qu'un Associé. Toutes les résolutions adoptées par un Associé
unique devront, en revanche, être documentées par écrit et signées par l'Associé
unique.

18.5 Toutes les copies ou tous les extraits des résolutions écrites des
Associés devront être certiﬁés par le Conseil.

19. Assemblées Générales

19.1 11 sera nécessaire de tenir une Assemblée Générale uniquement si
la Société compte plus de soixante (60) Associés. Dans ce cas, cette Assemblée
Générale annuelle se tiendra conformément àla Loi.

19.2 Les Assemblées Générales sont convoquées conformément aux
lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par notiﬁcation du Conseil, du/des
commissaire(s) aux comptes de la Société ou de l’/des Associé(s) représentant au
moins la moitié du capital social émis de la Société (selon le cas).

19.3 Une Assemblée Générale pourra uniquement être tenue à l'étranger
si, selon le Conseil, cela est nécessaire dû à des circonstances de force majeure.

19.4 L'avis convoquant l'Assemblée Générale indiquera le lieu, la date,
l’heure et l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée et sera envoyé au moins huit (8) jours
avant l'assemblée. II pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée ci-dessus
par l'accord écrit du/des Associé(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement écrit unanime
de tous les Associés lors de l’assemblée des Associés concernée.

19.5 Toute Assemblée Générale dûment constituée représente tous les
Associés de la Société.

19.6 Si la Société ne compte qu'un Associé unique, cet Associé unique
exerce les pouvoirs accordés à l'Assemblée Générale par la loi applicable et les
présents Statuts. Les articles 710-18 à 710-22 et 710-26 de la Loi ne s'appliquent
pas à ce cas de ﬁgure.

20. Procédure lors des Assemblées Générales

20.1 Un Associé peut participer à une Assemblée Générale en désignant
par écrit ou facsimilé un représentant, lequel ne doit pas nécessairement être

Associé.

-30-


20.2 L'/les Associé(s) peut/peuvent participer à une Assemblée
Générale par conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen
de communication similaire permettant aux participants de communiquer entre
eux. Cette participation équivaut à une présence physique à la réunion en
question.

20.3 Le Conseil peut déterminer toutes les autres conditions qui doivent
être remplies pour participer à une Assemblée Générale.

20.4 Lors de chaque assemblée des Associés, les Associés nommeront
le président de la réunion en question par un vote de la majorité des Associés
présents ou représentés à cette assemblée (le “Président de l'Assemblée
Générale”).

20.5 Le Président de l'Assemblée Générale désignera un secrétaire. Les
Associés désigneront un ou plusieurs scrutateur(s). Le Président de l'Assemblée
Générale conjointement avec le secrétaire et le(s) scrutateur(s) formeront le
bureau de l'Assemblée Générale (le “Bureau”).

20.6 Une liste de présence indiquant (i) le nom des Associés, (ii) le
nombre de parts sociales qu'ils détiennent et, le cas échéant, (iii) le nom du
représentant, sera rédigée et signée par les membres du Bureau.

20.7 Les procès-verbaux des décisions de l'Assemblée Générale seront
rédigés et signés par le Bureau.

20.8 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux de l'Assemblée Générale
seront certiﬁés par le Conseil.

21. Droit d’information

Un ou plusieurs Associé(s) détenant ensemble au moins dix pour cent (10
%) du capital social ou des droits de vote de la Société pourront soumettre au
Conseil toute question par écrit concernant des opérations en lien avec le Conseil
de la Société et des sociétés contrôlées par la Société; s’agissant de cette
dernière, ces questions seront examinées en tenant compte des intérêts sociaux
des entités pertinentes. En l’absence de réponse dans un délai d’un (1) mois, l’/les
Associé(s) concerné(s) pourra/pourront demander au juge du tribunal
d’arrondissement de Luxembourg chargé des affaires commerciales et mesures
provisoires, de nommer un ou plusieurs experts chargés de présenter un rapport
sur ces opérations connexes visées dans la/les question(s) écrite(s).

EXERCICE SOCIAL, DISTRIBUTIONS DES GAINS

22. Exercice social

_31_


L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour du mois de
janvier et ﬁnit le dernier jour du mois de décembre.

23. Approbation des comptes annuels

23.1 À la ﬁn de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont arrêtés et le
Conseil établit les comptes annuels de la Société conformément aux lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

23.2 Le Conseil soumettra les comptes annuels de la Société au(x)
commissaire(s) aux comptes, le cas échéant, pour revue et aux Associés pour
approbation.

23.3 Tout Associé peut prendre connaissance des comptes annuels au
siège social de la Société tel que prévu par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

24. Affectation des bénéﬁces

24.1 11 est prélevé sur le bénéﬁce net annuel de la Société 5% (cinq pour
cent) qui sont affectés à la réserve légale (la “Réserve Légale”). Ce prélèvement
cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque la Réserve Légale aura atteint 10% (dix pour
cent) du capital social de la Société, et il deviendra à nouveau obligatoire si la
Réserve Légale descend en dessous du seuil de 10% (dix pour cent) du capital
social de la Société.

24.2 Après l’allocation à la Réserve Légale, les Associés détermineront
l’affectation de l’excédent des proﬁts nets annuels. Les Associés pourront décider
d’allouer tout ou partie de l’excédent à une réserve ou à une provision, de le
reporter à l’année ﬁnancière suivante ou de le distribuer, avec les proﬁts reportés
d’années ﬁnancières précédentes, les réserves distribuables ou la prime
d’émissions aux associés en tant que dividende.

25. Dividendes intérimaires

25.1 Le Conseil est autorisée à verser des dividendes intérimaires sur la
base de comptes intérimaires actuels et à condition que ces comptes intérimaires
montrent que la Société ait sufﬁsamment de fonds disponibles pour une telle
distribution, conformément aux conditions énoncées à l’article 710-25 de la Loi.

DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

26. Dissolution et liquidation

26.1 La Société peut être dissoute par une décision des Associés
délibérant aux mêmes conditions de quorum et de majorité que celles exigées

pour la modiﬁcation des Statuts, sauf disposition contraire des lois du Grand-

_32_


Duché de Luxembourg.

26.2 En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation s’effectuera par
les soins d’un ou de plusieurs liquidateur(s) nommé(s) par les Associés qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et leur rémunération.

26.3 Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, y
inclus les taxes et frais de liquidation, l’actif net de la Société sera réparti
équitablement entre tous les Associés au prorata du nombre de parts qu’ils
détiennent.

L01 APPLICABLE

27. Loi applicable

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les présents Statuts seront
réglées conformément aux dispositions applicables du droit luxembourgeois."

SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Suite à quoi, l'Associé Unique, représenté par le Représentant, déclare
souscrire aux quinze mille (15.000) parts sociales émises par la Société ayant une
valeur nominale d'un dollar des États-Unis (USD 1,-) chacune et de libérer
entièrement ces parts sociales par un apport en numéraire.

La preuve de ce paiement a été apportée au notaire instrumentant qui
déclare que les conditions prévues à l'article 710-6 de la loi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, tel que modiﬁé par l’article 1832 du code
civil luxembourgeois, tel que modifié, ont été respectées et témoigne
expressément que ces conditions ont été remplies.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

La première année sociale commencera ce jour et ﬁnira le 31 décembre

2019.
RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L'Associé Unique, représenté par le Représentant, en sa qualité d'associé
unique de la Société, a adopté les résolutions suivantes:

1. Le nombre de gérants composant le conseil de gérance de la
Société est ﬁxé à quatre (4) et les personnes suivantes sont nommées en tant que
gérants de la Société pour une durée illimitée:

OMonsieur Ryan MACKAY, né à Washington, Etats-Unis d'Amérique, le
19 novembre 1977, demeurant professionnellement au 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-

2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en tant que gérant de catégorie

A;

_33_


0Monsieur David CATALA, né à Gent, Belgique, le 19 janvier 1979,
demeurant professionnellement au 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en tant que gérant de catégorie A;

OMonsieur Daniel Eric FREIMAN, né à Fairfax en Virginie, Etats-Unis
d'Amérique, le 17 décembre 1971, demeurant professionnellement au 12110
Sunset Hills Road, Suite 600, Reston, VA 20190, Etats-Unis d'Amérique, en tant
que gérant de catégorie B;

0Madame Shana C. SMITH, née au Maryland, Etats-Unis d'Amérique, le
11 février 1973, demeurant professionnellement au 12110 Sunset Hills Road,
Suite 600, Reston, VA 20190, Etats-Unis d'Amérique, en tant que gérant de
catégorie B;

2. Le siège social de la Société est ﬁxé au 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

:DEPENSES

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en raison
de sa constitution, s'élève à environ mille cent cinquante euros (EUR 1.150,-).

DECLARATION

La notaire soussignée, qui comprend et parle l'anglais et le français, déclare
par les présentes, qu'à la requête de la partie comparante le présent acte est rédigé
en anglais suivi d'une version française; à la requête de la même partie
comparante, et en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français, la
version anglaise prévaudra.

DONT ACTE, le présent acte a été passé à Redange-sur-Attert, en l'Etude
de la notaire soussignée, àla date indiquée en tête des présentes.

Après lecture du présent acte au Mandataire de la partie comparante,
agissant comme dit ci-avant, connu de la notaire par nom, prénom, état civil et
domicile, ledit Mandataire a signé avec Nous, notaire, le présent acte.

Signé : C. DOSTERT, D. KOLBACH
Enregistré à Diekirch A.C., le 14 décembre 2018
Relation : DAC/2018/17533

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur, (signé) Carlo RODENBOUR

_34_


POUR EXPEDITION CON FORME

Délivrée à la Société sur sa demande

Redange-sur-Attert, le 24 décembre 2018

_35_


