Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230545

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.511
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

“Lux Land-Berlin S.à r.l.”

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 84, boulevard Napoléon Ier
L-2210 Luxembourg
(Grand-Duché de Luxembourg)

NUMERO 10011/2018

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 19 DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand eighteen, on the nineteenth day of the month of
December;

Before Us Me Danielle KOLBACH, notary residing in Redingen/Attert
(Grand Duchy of Luxembourg), undersigned,

THERE APPEARED:

The limited liability company governed by the laws of Delaware “NCH
Bonn 1 LLC”, established and having its registered ofﬁce at DE-l9808
Wilmington (New Castle County), 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, (United
States of America), registered with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
under number 5435727,

here represented by Mr. Christian DOSTERT, notary clerk, residing
professionally in L-8510 Redange/Attert, 66, Grand-Rue, (the “Proxy-holder”),
by virtue of a proxy given under private seal; such proxy, after having been
signed “ne varietur” by the Proxy-holder and the ofﬁciating notary, will remain
attached to the present deed in order to be recorded with it.

Such appearing party, represented as said before, has required the
ofﬁciating notary to document the deed of incorporation of a private limited
liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) which it declared to
incorporate herewith and the articles of incorporation of which are established as
follows:

ARTICLE 1. CORPORATE FORM AND NAME

These are the articles of association (the “Articles”) of a private limited
liability company (“societe a responsabilite limitee”) whose name is “Lux Land-

Berlin S.à r.l.” (hereafter the “Company”).


The Company is incorporated under and governed by the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law dated lO August 1915, on
commercial companies, as amended (the “Law”), as well as by these Articles.

ARTICLE 2. CORPORATE OBJECT

2.1 The object of the Company is (i) the holding of participations and
interests in any form whatsoever in Luxembourg and foreign companies,
partnerships or other entities, (ii) the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in
any other manner as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise of stocks,
bonds, debentures, notes and other securities of any kind, and (iii) the acquisition,
ownership, administration, development, management and disposal of its
portfolio. The Company may enter into any agreements relating to the
acquisition, subscription or management of the aforementioned instruments and
the ﬁnancing thereof.

2.2 The Company may borrow in any form and proceed to the issuance of
bonds, debentures, notes and other instruments convertible or not.

2.3 The Company may not issue shares (parts sociales) to the public.

2.4 The Company may grant assistance and lend funds to its subsidiaries,
afﬁliated companies, to any other group company as well as to other entities or
persons provided that the Company will not enter into any transaction which
would be considered as a regulated activity without obtaining the required
licence. It may also give guarantees and grant security in favour of third parties to
secure its obligations or the obligations of its subsidiaries, afﬁliated companies or
any other group company as well as other entities or persons provided that the
Company will not enter into any transaction which would be considered as a
regulated activity without obtaining the required licence. The Company may
further mortgage, pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise hypothecate all or
some of its assets.

2.5 The Company may generally employ any techniques and utilize any
instruments relating to its investments for the purpose of their efﬁcient
management, including the entry into any forward transactions as well as
techniques and instruments designed to protect the Company against credit risk,
currency ﬂuctuations, interest rate ﬂuctuations and other risks.

2.6 In a general fashion it may grant assistance to afﬁliated companies, take
any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any operation, which it

may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its purposes.


2.7 The Company may carry out any commercial or ﬁnancial operations
and any transactions with respect to movable or immovable property, which
directly or indirectly further or relate to its purpose.

ARTICLE 3. DURATION

The Company is formed for an unlimited period of time.

ARTICLE 4. REGISTERED OFFICE

4.1 The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established in Luxembourg-
City.

4.2 It may be transferred to any other place in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or within the same municipality by decision of the sole manager
(gérant) or in case of plurality of managers (gérants), by a decision of the board
of managers (conseil de gérance). The sole manager (gérant) or in case of
plurality of managers (gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) is
authorised to amend the present Articles accordingly.

4.3 In the event that the board of managers (gérants) or the sole manager
(gérant) (as the case may be) should determine that extraordinary political,
economic or social developments have occurred or are imminent that would
interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered ofﬁce or with
the ease of communication between such ofﬁce and persons abroad, the registered
ofﬁce may be temporarily transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these
extraordinary circumstances; such temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its
registered ofﬁce, will remain a Luxembourg company. Such temporary measures
will be taken and notiﬁed to any interested parties by the board of managers
(gérants) or the sole manager (gérant) (as the case may be) of the Company.

4.4 The Company may have ofﬁces and branches, both in Luxembourg and

abroad.

ARTICLE 5. SHARE CAPITAL - SHARES (PART S SOCIALES)

5.1 Share Capital — Shares (parts sociales)

5.1.1 The Company's corporate capital is ﬁxed at EUR 20,000 (twenty
thousand Euros) represented by 20,000 (twenty thousand) shares (parts sociales)
of EUR 1.- (one Euro) each, all fully subscribed and entirely paid up.

5.1.2 Any premium paid on any share (part sociale) is allocated to a
distributable reserve in accordance with the terms of this article. The share

premium shall remain reserved and attached to the shares (parts sociales) in


relation to which it was paid and will be reserved to the relevant holders of shares
(parts sociales) in case of distributions, repayment or otherwise. Decisions as to
the use of the share premium reserve(s) are to be taken by the shareholder(s) or
the manager(s) (gérant(s)) as the case may be, subject to the Law and these
Articles.

5.1.3 The Company may accept contributions without issuing shares (parts
sociales) or other securities in consideration and may allocate such contributions
to one or more reserves. Decisions as to the use of any such reserves are to be
taken by the shareholder(s) or the manager(s) (gérant(s)) as the case may be,
subject to the Law and these Articles. The reserves may, but do not need to, be
allocated to the contributor.

5.2 Changes to Share Capital

The share capital may be changed at any time by a decision of the general
shareholders' meeting, in accordance with Article 7 of these Articles and within
the limits provided for by Law.

5.3 Indivisibility of Shares (parts sociales)

Towards the Company, the Company's shares (parts sociales) are
indivisible, since only one owner is admitted per share (part sociale). Co-owners,
usufructuaries and bare-owners, creditors and debtors of pledged shares (parts
sociales) have to appoint a sole person as their representative towards the
Company.

5.4 Transfer of Shares (parts sociales)

5.4.1 In case of a single shareholder, the Company's shares (parts sociales)
held by the single shareholder are freely transferable.

5.4.2 In case of plurality of shareholders, the shares (parts sociales) held by
each shareholder may be transferred in compliance with the provisions of the Law
and the Articles.

5.4.3 Shares (parts sociales) are freely transferable between shareholders.
Shares (parts sociales) may not be transferred inter vivos to non-shareholders
unless shareholders representing at least three quarters of the corporate share
capital shall have agreed thereto.

5.4.4 If a shareholder intends to transfer all or part of its shares (parts
sociales) to a third party transferee, it shall notify the Company of the proposed
transfer together with the name of the proposed transferee, the number of shares

to be transferred, their price and the terms and conditions of the transfer.


5.4.5 In case of a refusal of the transfer by the shareholders in accordance
with article 5.4.3, the shareholders may within a timeframe of three (3) months
from such refusal acquire or have the shares (parts sociales) acquired at a price
ﬁxed as indicated at article 5.4.7, except if the transferor has renounced to the
proposed transfer. Such acquisition by the non-transferring shareholders shall be
made on a prorata basis unless otherwise agreed between themselves. The period
of three (3) months may be extended by the President of the chamber of the
district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in
summary preceedings upon request by the sole manager (gérant), or in case of
plurality of managers (gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance). The
extension period shall not exceed six (6) months. The Company may, with the
consent of the transferor and within the same timeframe, decide to (i) reduce its
share capital by the amount of the nominal value of the relevant shares (parts
sociales) of the transferor, and to (ii) repurchase these shares (parts sociales) at
the price ﬁxed as indicated at article 5.4.7. If, on expiry of the above timeframe,
none of the solutions provided here above have been complied With, the
transferor can freely proceed with the transfer to the third party transferee at the
conditions which were notiﬁed to the Company in accordance with article 5.4.4.

5.4.6 Shares (oarts sociales) may not be transferred upon death to non-
shareholders unless surviving shareholders representing at least three quarters of
the corporate share capital shall have agreed thereto. The approval is not required

if the shares (parts sociales) are transferred to heirs or to the surviving spouse or
partner or any other legal heirs of the deceased shareholder.

5.4.7 The price for the transfer or the redemption price mentioned in article
5.4.5 hereabove shall be determined by the manager (gérant) or in case of
plurality of managers (gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) on
the basis of the fair market value of the shares (parts sociales) determined as of
the date of the notiﬁcation of the proposed transfer to the Company.

5.4.8 Transfers of shares (parts sociales) must be recorded by notarial or
private deed. Transfers shall not be valid vis-à-vis the Company or third parties
until they have been notiﬁed to the Company or accepted by it in accordance with
the provisions of article 1690 of the Civil Code.

5.5 Repurchase of Shares (parts sociales)

The Company may repurchase its shares (oarts sociales) in accordance with

the Law. For the avoidance of doubt, the repurchased shares (parts sociales) will


not be taken into consideration for the determination of the quorum and majority.
The manager (gérant) or in case of plurality of managers (gérants), the board of
managers (conseil de gérance) is/are authorised to proceed to any reduction of
capital as a result thereof.

5.6 Share Register

All shares (parts sociales) and transfers thereof are recorded in the
shareholders' register in accordance with article 710-8 of the Law.

ARTICLE 6. MANAGEMENT

6.1 Appointment and Removal

6.1.1 The Company is managed by one or several managers (gérants). If
several managers (gérants) have been appointed, they will constitute a board of
managers (conseil de gérance). In case there are several managers (gérants) the
shareholders may decide to create different classes of managers (gérants) namely
the class A and the class B managers (gérants). The manager(s) (gérant(s)) need
not to be shareholder(s).

6.1.2 The manager(s) (gérant(s)) is/are appointed by resolution of the
shareholders.

6.1.3 A manager (gérant) may be revoked ad nutum with or without cause
and replaced at any time by resolution adopted by the shareholders.

6.1.4 The sole manager (gérant) and each of the members of the board of
managers (conseil de gérance) may be compensated for his/their services as
manager (gérant) or reimbursed for their reasonable expenses upon resolution of
the shareholders.

6.2 Powers

6.2.1 All powers not expressly reserved by Law or the present Articles to
the general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of the sole
manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers (gérants), of the board of
managers (conseil de gérance).

6.2.2 The sole manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers
(gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance), may sub-delegate his/its
powers for speciﬁc tasks to one or several ad hoc agents.

6.2.3 The sole manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers
(gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) will determine the agent'
(s) responsibilities and remuneration (if any), the duration of the period of

representation and any other relevant conditions of the agency.


6.2.4 The sole manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers
(gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) may delegate the day-to-
day management of the Company and the representation of the Company for such
day-to-day management to one or several persons who do not need to be
managers (gérants) or shareholders. The sole manager (gérant) or in case of
plurality of managers (gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) shall
determine their conditions of nomination, revocation and their duties.

6.3 Representation and Signatory Power

6.3.1 In dealing with third parties as well as in judicial proceedings, the sole
manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers (gérants), the board of
managers (conseil de gérance) or each manager (gérant) will have all powers to
act in the name of the Company in all circumstances and to carry out and approve
all acts and operations consistent with the Company's objects.

6.3.2 The Company shall be bound by the signature of its sole manager
(gérant), and, in case of plurality of managers (gérants), by the joint signature of
two managers (gérants) or in the case of class A and class B managers (gérants)
by one class A and one class B manager (gérant) or by the signature of any
person to whom such power has been delegated by two managers (gérants)
including one class A manager (gérant) and one class B manager (gérant), if any.

6.4 Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Secretary, Meetings

6.4.1 The board of managers (conseil de gérance) may choose among its
members a chairman and a Vice-chairman. It may also choose a secretary, who
need not be a manager (gérant), to keep the minutes of the meeting of the board
of managers (conseil de gérance) and of the shareholders and who shall be
subject to the same conﬁdentiality provisions as those applicable to the managers
(gérants).

6.4.2 Meetings of the board of managers (conseil de gérance) may be
convened by two managers (gérants), including one class A manager (gérant) and
one class B manager (gérant), if any. The convening notice, containing the
agenda and the place of the meeting, shall be sent by letter (sent by express mail
or special courier), telegram, telex, telefax or e-mail at least two days before the
date set for the meeting, except in circumstances of emergency in which case the
nature of such circumstances shall be set forth in the convening notice and in
which case notice of at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the hour set for such

meeting shall be sufﬁcient. Any notice may be waived by the consent of each


manager (gérant) expressed during the meeting or in writing or telegram, telex,
telefax or e-mail. Separate notice shall not be required for individual meetings
held at times and places prescribed in a schedule previously adopted by resolution
of the board of managers (conseil de gérance). All reasonable efforts will be
afforded so that, sufﬁciently in advance of any meeting of the board each
manager (gérant) is provided with a copy of the documents and/or materials to be
discussed or passed upon by the board at such meeting.

6.4.3 The board of managers (conseil de gérance) can discuss or act validly
only if at least a majority of the managers (gérants) is present or represented at
the meeting of the board of managers (conseil de gérance) including at least one
class A manager (gérant) and one class B manager (gérant), if any. Resolutions
shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast of the managers (gérants) present or
represented at such meeting including the positive vote of at least one class A
manager (gérant) and one class B manager (gérant), if any.

6.4.4 The resolutions of the board of managers (conseil de gérance) shall be
recorded in minutes to be signed by the chairman or two managers (gérants) or
one class A manager (gérant) and one class B manager (gérant) if any of the
board of managers (conseil de gérance) of the Company.

6.4.5 The board of managers (conseil de gérance) may adopt resolutions by
unanimous consent expressed in writing. Resolutions adopted in written form are
deemed to have been adopted at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

6.4.6 Copies or extracts of the minutes and resolutions, which may be
produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the chairman or
two managers (gérants) or one class A manager (gérant) and one class B manager
(gérant), if any of the board of managers (conseil de gérance) of the Company.

6.4.7 A manager (gérant) may appoint any other manager (gérant) (but not
any other person) to act as his representative at a board meeting to attend,
deliberate, vote and perform all his functions on his behalf at that board meeting.
A manager (gérant) can act as representative for more than one other manager
(gérant) at a board meeting provided that (without prejudice to any quorum
requirements) at least two managers (gérants) are physically present at a board
meeting held in person or participate in person in a board meeting held in
accordance with the provisions of article 6.4.8.

6.4.8 Any and all managers (gérants) may participate in any meeting of the

board of managers (conseil de gérance) by telephone or video conference call or


by other similar means of communication allowing their identiﬁcation. Managers
(gérants) participating by these means shall be deemed present for the calculation
of the quorum and majority. Meetings held by those means are deemed held at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company.

6.5 Liability of Managers (gérants)

Any manager (gérant) assumes, by reason of his position, no personal
liability in relation to any commitment validly undertaken by him in the name of
the Company.

6.6 Conﬂict of interest

6.6.1 Any manager (gérant) of the Company having directly or indirectly an
opposite patrimonial interest in a decision or a transaction falling within the
competence of the board of managers (conseil de gérance), shall disclose such
interest to the board of managers (conseil de gérance) and shall have such
declaration recorded in the minutes of the meeting of the board of managers
(conseil de gérance). Such manager (gérant) shall not take part in the
deliberation. At the next general meeting, before any other resolution is put to
vote, a special report shall be made on any transactions in which any manager
(gérant) may have had an interest conﬂicting with that of the Company.

6.6.2 In case of a sole manager (gérant) of the Company, the minutes of the
resolutions of the sole manager (gérant) shall mention the conﬂict of interest in
relation to the relevant transaction entered into between the Company and its
manager (gérant) where she/he/it had an interest opposed to the interest of the
Company.

6.6.3 If the required quorum for holding a meeting of the managers
(gérants) is not reached due to a conﬂict of interest, the board of managers
(conseil de gérance) may decide to submit the resolution to the shareholders'
meeting of the Company.

6.6.4 Articles 6.6.1, to 6.6.3 shall not be applicable in case of decisions
relating to current operations entered into under normal conditions.

6.7 Conﬁdentiality

The sole of manager (gérant) or the managers (gérants) of the board of
managers (conseil de gérance) of the Company and any persons attending to the
meeting of the board of the managers (conseil de gérance) shall not disclose
information in relation to the Company and if such disclosure may be prejudicial

for the Company, unless it is mandatory or possible under the Law or in the


public interest.

ARTICLE 7. SHAREHOLDERS' RESOLUTIONS

7.1 For as long as all the shares (Darts sociales) are held by only one
shareholder, the Company is a sole shareholder company (societe unipersonnelle)
in the meaning of article 710-1 (2) of the Law and articles 710-28 and 710-29 of
the Law, among others, will apply. The single shareholder assumes all powers
conferred to the general shareholders' meeting.

7.2 In case of plurality of shareholders, each shareholder may take part in
collective decisions irrespectively of the number of shares (parts sociales) he
owns. Each shareholder has a number of votes equal to the number of shares
(parts sociales) held by him.

7.3 Collective decisions are only validly taken insofar as shareholders
owning more than half of the share capital adopt them provided that in case such
majority is not met, the shareholders may be reconvened or consulted a second
time in writing by registered letter and the decisions will be validly taken by the
majority of the votes cast irrespective of the portion of share capital represented.

7.4 However, resolutions to alter the Articles, except in case of an increase
of the commitment of the shareholders, which requires a unanimous vote, may
only be adopted by the shareholders owning at least three quarter of the
Company's share capital, subject to the provisions of the Law.

7.5 A meeting of shareholders may validly debate and take decisions
without complying with all or any of the convening requirements and formalities
if all the shareholders have waived the relevant convening requirements and
formalities either in writing or, at the relevant shareholders' meeting, in person or
by an authorised representative.

7.6 A shareholder may be represented at a shareholders' meeting by
appointing in writing (or by fax or e-mail or any similar means) a proxy or
attorney who need not be a shareholder.

7.7 The holding of general shareholders' meetings shall not be mandatory
where the number of members does not exceed sixty (60), except with respect to
amendments of these Articles. In such case, each shareholder shall receive the
precise wording of the text of the resolutions or decisions to be adopted and shall
give his vote in writing.

7.8 The majority requirements applicable to the adoption of resolutions by a

shareholders' meeting apply mutatis mutandis to the passing of written resolutions

-10-


of shareholders. Written resolutions of shareholders shall be validly passed upon
receipt by the Company of original copies (or copies sent by facsimile
transmission or as e-mail attachments) of shareholders' votes representing the
majority required for the passing of the relevant resolutions, irrespective of
whether all shareholders have voted or not.

7.9 Shareholders may take part to general shareholders' meetings via visio-
conference or any other means of telecommunication allowing their identiﬁcation
provided at least one shareholder or its proxy is physically present at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company. Shareholders participating by these means shall
be deemed present for the calculation of the quorum and majority. Such
shareholders' meeting is deemed held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

7.10 Shareholders may take decisions by voting by correspondence by
sending a form to the registered ofﬁce of the Company at least seven days before
the holding of the relevant general shareholders' meeting. Each form shall
indicate if the vote is in favor or against the resolutions or the abstention from
voting.

ARTICLE 8. ANNUAL GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

8.1 At least one shareholders' meeting shall be held each year. Where the
number of shareholders exceeds sixty (60), such annual general meeting of
shareholders shall be held, in accordance with article 710-21 of the Law at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company, or at such other place in Luxembourg as may
be speciﬁed in the notice of meeting, within 6 (six) months of the end of the
ﬁnancial year.

8.2 If such day is not a bank business day in Luxembourg, the annual
general meeting shall be held on the preceding bank business day. The annual
general meeting may be held abroad if, in the absolute and ﬁnal judgment of the
sole manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of managers (gérants), the board of
managers (conseil de gérance), exceptional circumstances so require.

ARTICLE 9. AUDIT

9.1 Where the number of shareholders exceeds sixty (60), the operations of
the Company shall be supervised by one or more statutory auditors in accordance
with article 710-27 of the Law who need not to be shareholder. If there is more
than one statutory auditor, the statutory auditors shall act as a collegium (s) and
form the board of auditors.

9.2 Irrespective of the above, the Company shall be supervised by one or

-11-


more approved statutory auditor(s) (reviseur(s) d'entreprises agree) where there
is a legal requirement to that effect or where the Company is authorized by law to
opt for and chooses to opt for the appointment of an approved statutory auditor
(reviseur d'entreprise agree) instead of a statutory auditor. The approved
statutory auditor(s) (reviseur(s) d'entreprises agree) shall be appointed on an
annual basis (the mandate being renewable also on an annual basis).

ARTICLE 10. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

10.1 Financial Year

The Company's ﬁnancial year starts on the lSt of January and ends on the
31St of December of each year, provided that, as a transitional measure, the ﬁrst
ﬁnancial year of the Company starts on the date of its incorporation and ends on
the following 31St of December (all dates inclusive).

10.2 Annual Accounts

10.2.1 Each year, the sole manager (gérant), or in case of plurality of
managers (gérants), the board of managers (conseil de gérance) prepares an
inventory a balance sheet and a proﬁt and loss account in accordance with the
provisions of article 710-23 of the Law.

10.2.2 Each shareholder, either personally or through an appointed agent,
may inspect, at the Company's registered ofﬁce, the above inventory, balance
sheet, proﬁt and loss accounts and, as the case may be, the report of the statutory
auditor(s) set-up in accordance with article 710-27 of the Law. Where the number
of shareholders exceeds sixty (60), such inspection shall only be permitted ﬁfteen
days before the meeting.

ARTICLE 11. DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS

11.1 An amount equal to ﬁve per cent (5%) of the net proﬁts of the
Company shall be allocated to a statutory reserve, until and as long as this reserve
amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital.

11.2 The balance of the net proﬁts may be distributed to the shareholder(s)
commensurate to his/their shareholding in the Company.

11.3 Except where otherwise provided for in these Articles, each share (part
sociale) entitles to a fraction of the corporate assets and proﬁts of the Company in
direct proportion to the number of shares (parts sociales) in existence.

11.4 The sole manager (gérant) or the board of managers (conseil de
gérance) as appropriate may decide to pay interim dividends to the shareholder(s)

before the end of the ﬁnancial year on the basis of interim accounts showing that

_12_


sufﬁcient funds are available for distribution, it being understood that the amount
to be distributed may not exceed total proﬁts made since the end of the last
ﬁnancial year for which the annual accounts have been approved, plus any proﬁts
carried forward and sums drawn from reserves available for this purpose, less
losses carried forward and any sums to be placed to reserve pursuant to the
requirements of the law or of the Articles. The decision of the board of managers
(conseil de gérance) to distribute an interim dividend may not be taken more than
two months after the date at which the interim accounts have been drawn-up.

ARTICLE 12. DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION

12.1 The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death,
suspension of civil rights, insolvency or bankruptcy of the single shareholder or
of one of the shareholders.

12.2 Except in the case of dissolution by court order, the dissolution of the
Company may take place only pursuant to a decision adopted by the general
meeting of shareholders in accordance with the conditions required for
amendments to the Articles.

12.3 At the time of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation will be
carried out by one or several liquidators, shareholders or not, appointed by the
shareholders who shall determine their powers and remuneration.

ARTICLE 13. REFERENCE TO THE LAW

Reference is made to the provisions of the Law for all matters for which
there are no speciﬁc provisions in these Articles.

TRAN SITORY PROVISION

The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the
Company and end on December 31, 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The Articles of the Company thus having been established, the 20,000
(twenty thousand) shares have been subscribed by the sole shareholder, the
company “NCH Bonn 1 LLC”, pre-designated and represented as said before,
and fully paid up by the aforesaid subscriber by payment in cash, so that the
amount of EUR 20,000.- (twenty thousand Euros) is from this day on at the free
disposal of the Company, as it has been proved to the ofﬁciating notary by a bank
certiﬁcate, who states it expressly.

VERIFICATION

The ofﬁciating notary declares herewith having veriﬁed the existence of the

-13-


conditions ﬁxed in articles 710-6 and 710-7 (1) 1°) of the law of August 10, 1915
on commercial companies, as amended, and expressly states that they have been
fulﬁlled.

COSTS

 

The costs, expenses, fees and charges, in whatsoever form, which are to be
borne by the Company or which shall be charged to it in connection with its
incorporation, have been estimated at about one thousand two hundred Euros
(EUR 1,200.-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The aforementioned appearing party, representing the whole of the
subscribed share capital, has adopted the following resolutions as sole
shareholder:

1 The registered office is established in L-2210 Luxembourg, 84, boulevard
Napoleon I“.

2. The following persons are appointed as managers of the Company for an
undetermined period:

OMr. Gregory KATZ, company manager, born in Suresnes (France), on
September 4, 1950, residing in 10018 New York, 452 Fifth Avenue, 24th Fl,
(United States of America), class A manager;

OMr. Moris TABACINIC, company manager, born in Barranquilla
(Colombia), on March 31, 1955, residing in 33154 Bay Harbour (Florida), 262
Bal Bay Drive (United States of America), class A manager;

OMr. Jose BONAFONTE MAGRI, company manager, born in Barcelona
(Spain), on January 20, 1964 residing professionally in L-2210 Luxembourg, 84,
boulevard Napoleon Ier, class B manager.

STATEMENT

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English and French,
states herewith that, on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is
worded in English followed by a French version; on request of the same
appearing party, and in case of discrepancies between the English and the French
text, the English version will prevail.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in Redange/Attert, in the
undersigned notary's study, at the date indicated at the beginning of the
document.

After reading the present deed to the Proxy-holder of the appearing party,

-14-


acting as said before, known to the notary by his name, ﬁrst name, civil status and
residence, the said Proxy-holder has signed with Us, the notary, the present deed.
Suit la version française du texte gui précède:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvième jour du mois de décembre;

Pardevant Nous Maitre Danielle KOLBACH, notaire de résidence à
Redange-sur-Attert (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg), soussignée;

A COMPARU:

La limited liability company régie par les lois du Delaware “NCH Bonn 1
LLC”, établie et ayant son siège social à DE-l9808 Wilmington (New Castle
County), 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, (Etats-Unis d'Amérique), inscrite au
Bureau du Secrétaire d'Etat de l'Etat du Delaware sous le numéro 5435727,

ici représentée par Monsieur Christian DOSTERT, clerc de notaire,
demeurant professionnellement à L-8510 Redange-sur-Attert, 66, Grand-Rue, (le
“Mandataire”), en vertu d'une procuration sous seing privé lui délivrée; laquelle
procuration, après avoir été signée “ne varietur” par le Mandataire et le notaire
instrumentant, restera annexée au présent acte aﬁn d'être enregistrée avec lui.

Laquelle partie comparante, représentée comme dit ci-avant, a requis le
notaire instrumentant de documenter l'acte de constitution d'une société à
responsabilité limitée qu’elle déclare vouloir constituer par les présentes et dont
les statuts sont établis comme suit:

ARTICLE 1 FORME SOCIALE ET DENOMINATION

Ceux-ci sont les statuts (les “Statuts”) d'une société à responsabilité limitée
qui porte la dénomination de “Lux Land-Berlin S.à r.l.” (ci-après la “Société”).

La Société est constituée sous et régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, en particulier la loi du 10 août 1915 relative aux sociétés
commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (ci-après la “Loi”), ainsi que par les présents
Statuts.

ARTICLE 2 OBJET SOCIAL

2.1 L'objet de la Société est (i) la détention de participations et d'intérêts,
sous quelque forme que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et étrangères,
des entités de type partenariats (partnerships) ou d'autres entités, (ii) l'acquisition
par l'achat, la souscription ou de toute autre manière, ainsi que le transfert par
vente, échange ou autre, d'actions, d'obligations, de reconnaissances de dettes,
notes ou autres titres de quelque forme que ce soit, et (iii) l'acquisition, la

propriété, l'administration, le développement, la gestion et la disposition de son

_15_


portefeuille. La Société peut conclure tout contrat relatif à l'acquisition, la
souscription ou la gestion des instruments précités et au ﬁnancement y relatif

2.2 La Société peut emprunter sous toute forme et procéder à l'émission
d'obligations, de reconnaissances de dettes, de notes et d'autres instruments
convertibles ou non.

2.3 La Société ne pourra pas émettre de parts sociales au public.

2.4 La Société peut accorder une assistance et prêter des fonds à ses ﬁliales,
sociétés afﬁliées, à toute autre société du groupe ainsi qu'à toutes autres entités ou
personnes, étant entendu que la Société ne conclura aucune transaction qui serait
considérée comme une activité réglementée sans obtenir l'autorisation requise.
Elle pourra également fournir des garanties et octroyer des sûretés en faveur de
parties tierces aﬁn de garantir ses propres obligations ou bien les obligations de
ses ﬁliales, sociétés afﬁliées ou toute autre société du groupe, ainsi qu'à toute
autre entité ou personne pourvu que la Société ne conclut pas une transaction qui
serait considérée comme une activité réglementée sans obtenir l'autorisation
requise. La Société pourra également hypothéquer, gager, transférer, grever ou
autrement hypothéquer tout ou partie de ses avoirs.

2.5 La Société peut généralement employer toute technique et utiliser tout
instrument relatif à ses investissements en vue de leur gestion efﬁcace, y compris
la conclusion de toute transaction à terme ainsi que des techniques et instruments
destinés à protéger la Société contre le risque de crédit, les ﬂuctuations
monétaires, les ﬂuctuations de taux d'intérêt et tout autre risque.

2.6 De manière générale elle peut accorder son assistance à des sociétés
afﬁliées, prendre toute mesure de contrôle et de supervision et mener toute
opération qu'elle jugerait utile à l'accomplissement et au développement de son
objet social.

2.7 La Société pourra en outre effectuer toute opération commerciale ou
ﬁnancière, ainsi que toute transaction concernant des biens meubles ou
immeubles, qui sont en rapport direct ou indirect avec son objet social.

ARTICLE 3 DUREE

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

ARTICLE 4 SIEGE SOCIAL

4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg-Ville.

4.2 II peut être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de

Luxembourg ou à l'intérieur de la commune par simple décision du gérant unique

-16-


ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, par décision du conseil de gérance. Le gérant
unique ou encas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance, sera autorisé à
modiﬁer les présents Statuts conformément.

4.3 Dans l'éventualité où le conseil de gérance ou le gérant unique (selon le
cas) déterminerait que des événements extraordinaires politiques, économiques
ou des développements sociaux ont eu lieu ou sont imminents qui interféreraient
avec les activités normales de la Société en son siège social ou avec la ﬂuidité de
communication entre le siège social et les personnes à l'étranger, le siège social
peut être temporairement transféré à l'étranger jusqu'à la cessation complète de
telles circonstances extraordinaires ; de telles mesures temporaires n'auront pas
d'effet sur la nationalité de la Société qui, malgré le transfert temporaire de son
siège social, restera une société Luxembourgeoise. De telles mesures temporaires
seront prises et notiﬁées à toute partie intéressée par le conseil de gérance ou par
le gérant unique (selon le cas) de la Société.

4.4 La Société peut avoir des bureaux et des succursales tant au
Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger.

ARTICLE 5 CAPITAL SOCIAL - PARTS SOCIALES

5.1 Capital Souscrit

5.1.1 Le capital social est ﬁxé à EUR 20.000,- (vingt mille euros)
représenté par 20.000 (vingt mille) parts sociales de EUR l,- (un euro) chacune,
toutes entièrement souscrites et libérées.

5.1.2 Toute prime d'émission payée sur toute part sociale est allouée à une
réserve distribuable conformément aux dispositions de cet Article. La prime
d'émission devra rester réservée et attachée aux parts sociales en rapport avec
lesquelles elle a été payée et sera réservée aux détenteurs de parts sociales en
question en cas de distribution, remboursement ou autres. Les décisions quant à
l'utilisation de la réserve de prime d'émission seront prises par le(s) associé(s) ou
par le(s) gérant(s) selon le cas, sous réserve de la Loi et des présents Statuts.

5.1.3 La Société peut accepter des apports sans émettre de parts sociales ou
d'autres titres en contrepartie et peut allouer de tels apports à une ou plusieurs
réserves. Les décisions quant à l'utilisation de telles réserves seront prises par
le(s) associé(s) ou par le(s) gérant(s) selon le cas, sous réserve de la Loi et des
présents Statuts. Les réserves peuvent, mais ne doivent pas nécessairement, être
allouées à l'apporteur.

5.2 Modiﬁcation du Capital Social

_17_


Le capital social peut être modiﬁé à tout moment par une décision de
l'assemblée générale des associés conformément à l'article 7 des présents Statuts
et dans les limites prévues par la Loi.

5.3 Indivisibilité des Parts Sociales

Envers la Société, les parts sociales de la Société sont indivisibles, de sorte
qu'un seul propriétaire est admis par part sociale. Les copropriétaires, les
usufruitiers et nu-propriétaires, créanciers et débiteurs de parts sociales gagées
doivent désigner une seule personne qui les représente vis-à-vis de la Société.

5.4 Transfert de Parts Sociales

5.4.1 Dans l'hypothèse d'un associé unique, les parts sociales de la Société
détenues par cet associé unique sont librement transmissibles.

5.4.2 Dans l'hypothèse où il y a plusieurs associés, les parts sociales
détenues par chacun des associés ne sont transmissibles que sous réserve du
respect des dispositions prévues par la Loi et les Statuts.

5.4.3 Les parts sociales sont librement transmissibles entre associés. Les
parts sociales ne peuvent être transmises entre vifs à des tiers non-associés si des
associés représentant au moins les trois quarts du capital social n'y ont consenti.

5.4.4 Si un associé à l'intention de céder tout ou partie de ses parts sociales
à un tiers cessionnaire, il doit notiﬁer àla Société le projet de cession ainsi que le
nom du cessionnaire proposé, le nombre de parts sociales devant être cédées et
leur prix.

5.4.5 Dans le cas d'un refus de la cession par les associés conformément à
l'article 5.4.3, les associés peuvent dans le délai de trois (3) mois à compter de ce
refus, acquérir ou faire acquérir les parts sociales à un prix ﬁxé comme indiqué à
l'article 5.4.7, sauf si le cédant renonce à la cession de ses parts. Une telle
acquisition par les associés non-cédants sera faite sur une base proportionnelle
sauf s'ils s'accordent autrement. Le délai de trois (3) mois peut être prolongé par
le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d'arrondissement siégeant en
matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé sur requête du gérant unique,
ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, du conseil de gérance. Cette prolongation du
délai ne peut excéder six (6) mois. La Société peut, avec le consentement du
cédant et dans le même délai, décider de (i) réduire son capital social du montant
de la valeur nominale des parts sociales concernées du cédant, et de (ii) racheter
ces parts au prix déterminé dans les conditions prévues à l'article 5.4.7. Si, à

l'expiration du délai imparti, aucune des solutions mentionnées ci-dessus n'est

-18-


intervenue, le cédant peut librement procéder à la cession au tiers cessionnaire
aux conditions notifiées àla Société conformément à l'article 5.4.4.

5.4.6 Les parts sociales ne peuvent être cédées pour cause de mort à des
non-associés sauf si les associés survivants représentant au moins les trois quarts
du capital social l'ont accepté. L'approbation n'est pas requise si les parts sociales
sont cédées aux héritiers réservataires ou au conjoint ou partenaire survivant ou
autres héritiers légaux du défunt associé.

5.4.7 Le prix de la cession ou le prix de rachat mentionné à l'article 5.4.5 ci-
dessus devra être déterminé par le gérant unique, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants,
par le conseil de gérance sur la base de la juste valeur du marché des parts
sociales déterminée àla date de la notiﬁcation du projet de cession àla Société.

5.4.8Les transferts de parts sociales doivent être documentés par un acte
notarié ou un acte sous seing privé. Les transferts ne seront opposables à la
Société ou aux tiers qu'à compter du moment de leur notiﬁcation à la Société ou
de leur acceptation par celle-ci en conformité avec les dispositions de l'article
1690 du Code Civil.

5.5 Rachat de Parts Sociales

La Société peut racheter ses parts sociales conformément à la Loi. Pour
lever toute ambigüité, les parts sociales rachetées ne seront pas prises en compte
pour la détermination du quorum et de la majorité. Le gérant unique, ou en cas de
pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance est autorisé à procéder à toute réduction
du capital social en résultant.

5.6 Registre des Parts Sociales

Toutes les parts sociales ainsi que leurs transferts sont consignées dans le
registre des associés conformément à l'article 710-8 de la Loi.

ARTICLE 6 GESTION

6.1 Nomination et Révocation

6.1.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si plusieurs gérants
ont été nommés, ils constitueront un conseil de gérance. Dans le cas d'une
pluralité de gérants, les associés peuvent décider de créer différentes catégories de
gérants, respectivement les gérants de catégorie A et de catégorie B. Le(s)
gérant(s) ne doit(vent) pas nécessairement être associé(s).

6.1.2 Le(s) gérant(s) est/ sont nommé(s) par décision des associés.

6.1.3 Un gérant pourra être révoqué ad nutum avec ou sans motif et

remplacé à tout moment sur décision adoptée par les associés.

_19_


6.1.4 Le gérant unique et chacun des membres du conseil de gérance
peuvent être rémunérés pour ses/leurs service(s) en tant que gérant(s) ou
remboursés de leurs dépenses raisonnables sur décision des associés.

6.2 Pouvoirs

6.2.1 Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi ou les
présents Statuts à l'assemblée générale des associés relèvent de la compétence du
gérant unique ou en cas de pluralité de gérants de la compétence du conseil de
gérance.

6.2.2 Le gérant unique ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de
gérance pourra sous-déléguer sa compétence pour des opérations spécifiques à un
ou plusieurs mandataires ad hoc.

6.2.3 Le gérant unique ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de
gérance déterminera les responsabilités du mandataire et sa rémunération (s'il y
en a), la durée de la période de représentation et toutes les autres conditions
pertinentes de ce mandat.

6.2.4 Le gérant unique, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de
gérance peut déléguer la gestion journalière de la Société et la représentation de la
Société en vue de cette gestion journalière à une ou plusieurs personnes qui ne
doivent pas nécessairement être gérants ou associés. Le gérant unique, ou en cas
de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance devra déterminer les conditions de
leur nomination, révocation et de l'exercice de leur mission.

6.3 Représentation et Pouvoir de Signature

6.3.1 Dans les rapports avec les tiers et avec la justice, le gérant unique, et
en cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance our chaque gérant aura tous
pouvoirs pour agir au nom de la Société en toutes circonstances et pour effectuer
et approuver tous actes et opérations en conformité avec l'objet social de la
Société.

6.3.2 La Société sera engagée par la seule signature du gérant unique et, en
cas de pluralité de gérants, par les signatures conjointes de deux membres du
conseil de gérance ou en cas de gérants de catégorie A et de catégorie B, d'un
gérant de catégorie A et d'un gérant de catégorie B ou par la signature de toute
personne à qui un tel pouvoir aura été délégué par deux membres un gérant A et
un gérant B du conseil de gérance y compris un gérant de catégorie A et un gérant
de catégorie B, s'il y en a.

6.4 Président, Vice-Président, Secrétaire, Réunions

_20_


6.4.1 Le conseil de gérance peut choisir parmi ses membres un président et
un Vice-président. Il peut aussi désigner un secrétaire, gérant ou non, qui sera
chargé de la tenue des procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance et des
associés et qui sera soumis aux mêmes règles de conﬁdentialité que celles
applicables aux gérants.

6.4.2 Les réunions du conseil de gérance peuvent être convoquées par deux
membres du conseil de gérance, y compris un gérant de catégorie A et un gérant
de catégorie B, s'il y en a. La convocation, contenant l'ordre du jour et le lieu de
la réunion, doit être envoyée par lettre (envoyée par courrier express ou courrier
spécial), télégramme, télex, télécopie ou e-mail au moins deux jours avant la date
ﬁxée pour la réunion, sauf en cas d'urgence, auquel cas la nature de ces
circonstances sera mentionnée dans la convocation et dans ce cas, un préavis d'au
moins vingt-quatre (24) heures avant l'heure prévue pour la réunion sera sufﬁsant.
Il peut être renoncé à toute convocation par le consentement de chaque gérant
exprimé lors de la réunion ou par écrit ou par télégramme, télex, télécopie ou e-
mail. Une convocation séparée ne sera pas requise pour les réunions individuelles
tenues aux heures et lieux prévus dans un calendrier préalablement adopté par
décision du conseil de gérance. Tous les efforts raisonnables seront effectués de
sorte que, préalablement à toute réunion du conseil, une copie des documents et /
ou supports à discuter ou adopter par le conseil lors de cette réunion soit fournie à
chaque gérant.

6.4.3 Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si au
moins la majorité des gérants est présente ou représentée à la réunion du conseil
de gérance dont au moins un gérant A et un gérant B, s'il y en a. Les résolutions
sont adoptées àla majorité des voix exprimées des gérants présents ou représentés
à cette réunion y compris le vote positif d'au moins un gérant A et un gérant B.

6.4.4 Les décisions du conseil de gérance seront consignés dans des procès-
verbaux, à signer par le président ou par deux gérants ou un gérant A et un gérant
B s'il y en a du conseil de gérance de la Société.

6.4.5 Le conseil de gérance peut adopter des décisions par consentement
unanime exprimé par écrit. Les décisions prises selon cette procédure sont
réputées être prises au siège social de la Société.

6.4.6 Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-verbaux et résolutions qui
pourraient être produits en justice ou autre seront signés par le président, ou deux

gérants ou un gérant A et un gérant B du conseil de gérance de la Société.

_21_


6.4.7 Un gérant peut nommer un autre gérant (mais pas toute autre
personne) pour agir comme son représentant à une réunion du conseil pour
assister, délibérer, voter et exercer toutes ses fonctions en son nom à cette réunion
du conseil. Un gérant peut agir en tant que représentant de plusieurs gérants à une
réunion du conseil à condition que (sans préjudice des exigences de quorum) au
moins deux gérants sont physiquement présents à une réunion du conseil tenue
physiquement ou participent en personne à une réunion du conseil tenue
conformément aux dispositions de l'article 6.4.8.

6.4.8 Tout gérant peut participer aux réunions du conseil de gérance par
conférence téléphonique ou vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen similaire de
communication permettant leur identiﬁcation. Les gérants participant par ces
moyens sont réputés présents pour le calcul du quorum et de la majorité. Les
réunions tenues par ces moyens sont réputées se tenir au siège social de la
Société.

6.5 Responsabilité des Gérants

Aucun gérant ne contracte en raison de sa fonction, aucune obligation
personnelle relativement aux engagements valablement entrepris par lui au nom
de la Société.

6.6 Conflit d'intérêts

6.6.1 Le gérant qui a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt de nature
patrimoniale opposé à une décision ou à une opération relevant du conseil de
gérance, est tenu d'en prévenir le conseil et de faire mentionner cette déclaration
au procès-verbal de la séance. Il ne peut prendre part à cette délibération. Il est
spécialement rendu compte, à la première assemblée générale, avant tout vote sur
d'autres résolutions, des opérations dans lesquelles un des gérants aurait eu un
intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

6.6.2 Lorsque la Société ne comprend qu'un gérant unique, il est seulement
fait mention dans un procès-verbal des opérations intervenues entre la Société et
son gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

6.6.3 Si le quorum requis pour tenir une réunion du conseil de gérance n'est
pas atteint en raison d'un conﬂit d'intérêt, le conseil de gérance peut décider de
soumettre la décision sur ce point à l'assemblée générale des associés de la
Société.

6.6.4 Les articles 66.1 à 6.6.3 ne sont pas applicables lorsque les décisions

concernent des opérations courantes conclues dans des conditions normales.

_22_


6.7 Conﬁdentialité

Le gérant unique, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance de
la Société et toute personne participant à la réunion du conseil de gérance sont
tenus de ne pas divulguer les informations dont ils disposent sur la Société et dont
la divulgation serait susceptible de porter préjudice aux intérêts de la Société, sauf
si elle est exigée ou admise par la Loi ou dans l'intérêt public.

ARTICLE 7 DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

7.1 Pour autant que toutes les parts sociales sont détenues par un seul
associé, la Société est une société unipersonnelle au sens de l'article 7lO-l (2) de
la Loi et les articles 710-28 et 710-29 de la Loi, entre autres, s'appliqueront.
L'associé unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés à l'assemblée générale des
associés.

7.2 En cas de pluralité d'associés, chaque associé peut prendre part aux
décisions collectives, quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu'il détient.
Chaque associé a autant de voix qu'il possède de parts sociales.

7.3 Les décisions collectives ne sont valablement prises que pour autant que
les associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social les adoptent, étant entendu
que si cette majorité n'est pas atteinte, les associés peuvent être convoqués à
nouveau ou consultés à nouveau par écrit par lettre recommandée, et les décisions
seront valablement prises par la majorité des voix exprimés, indépendamment de
la quotité du capital social représenté.

7.4 Toutefois, les résolutions modiﬁant les Statuts, sauf le cas
d'augmentation des engagements des associés qui requiert un vote unanime, ne
peuvent être adoptées que par les associés détenant au moins les trois quarts du
capital social de la Société, sous réserve des dispositions de la Loi.

7.5 Une assemblée des associés peut valablement délibérer et prendre des
décisions sans se conformer à tout ou partie des exigences et formalités de
convocation si tous les associés ont renoncé aux exigences et formalités de
convocation soit par écrit, soit à l'assemblée des associés en question, en personne
ou par un représentant autorisé.

7.6 Un associé peut se faire représenter à une assemblée des associés en
désignant par écrit (par fax ou par e-mail ou tout autre moyen similaire) un
mandataire qui n'est pas nécessairement un associé.

7.7 La tenue d'assemblées générales des associés n'est pas obligatoire tant

que le nombre des associés n'est pas supérieur à soixante (60), sauf en ce qui

_23_


concerne les modiﬁcations des présents Statuts. Dans ce cas, chaque associé
recevra le texte précis des résolutions ou décisions à prendre expressément
formulées et émettra son vote par écrit.

7.8 Les conditions de majorité applicables à l'adoption de décisions par
l'assemblée des associés s'appliquent mutatis mutandis à l'adoption de décisions
écrites des associés. Les décisions écrites des associés sont valablement prises dès
réception par la Société des exemplaires originaux (ou des copies envoyées par
télécopie ou en tant que pièces jointes de courrier électronique) des votes des
associés représentant la majorité requise pour l'adoption des décisions en
question, indépendamment du fait que tous les associés aient voté ou non.

7.9 Les associés peuvent prendre part aux assemblées générales des
associés par visioconférence ou tout autre moyen de télécommunication
permettant leur identiﬁcation, à la condition qu'au moins un associé ou son
mandataire soit présent physiquement au siège social de la Société. Les associés
participant par ces moyens sont réputés présents pour le calcul du quorum et de la
majorité. Ces assemblées générales des associés sont réputées se tenir au siège
social de la Société.

7.10 Les associés peuvent voter par correspondance en envoyant un
formulaire au siège social de la Société au moins 7 jours avant la tenue de
l'assemblée générale des associés concernée. Chaque formulaire doit indiquer si
le vote est en faveur ou contre les décisions, ou bien l'abstention de vote.

ARTICLE 8 ASSEMBLEE GENERALE ANNUELLE DES
ASSOCIES

8.1 Au moins une réunion des associés devra être tenue chaque année. Si le
nombre des associés est supérieur à soixante (60), cette assemblée générale
annuelle des associés doit être tenue, conformément à l'article 710-21 de la Loi,
au siège social de la Société ou à tout autre endroit à Luxembourg tel que précisé
dans l'avis de convocation de l'assemblée, dans les 6 (six) mois de la clôture de
l'exercice.

8.2 Dans le cas où ce jour n'est pas un jour ouvrable à Luxembourg,
l'assemblée générale annuelle se tiendra le jour ouvrable précédant. L'assemblée
générale annuelle pourra se tenir à l'étranger, si de l'avis discrétionnaire et
déﬁnitif du gérant unique ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, du conseil de gérance,

des circonstances exceptionnelles le requièrent.

ARTICLE 9 AUDIT

_24_


9.1 Si le nombre des associés est supérieur à soixante (60), les opérations de
la Société devront être supervisées par un ou plusieurs commissaires aux comptes
conformément à l'article 710-27 de la Loi, qui ne sont pas nécessairement
associés. S'il y a plus d'un commissaire aux comptes, les commissaires aux
comptes agiront en collège et formeront le conseil des commissaires aux comptes.

9.2 Sans tenir compte de ce qui précède, la Société sera surveillée par un ou
plusieurs réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s) lorsqu'il existe une obligation légale à
cet effet ou si la Société est autorisée par la loi à opter pour, et choisit d'opter
pour, la nomination d'un réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s) au lieu d'un
commissaire aux comptes. Le réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s) sera nommé sur
une base annuelle (le mandat étant renouvelable également sur base annuelle).

ARTICLE 10 EXERCICE SOCIAL - COMPTES ANNUELS

10.1 Exercice Social

L'exercice social de la Société commence le 1er janvier et se termine le 31
décembre de chaque année, étant entendu que, à titre transitoire, le premier
exercice social de la Société commence à la date de sa constitution et se termine
le 31 décembre suivant (toutes les dates étant comprises comme incluses).

10.2 Comptes Annuels

10.2.1 Chaque année, le gérant unique, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants, le
conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire, un bilan et un compte de profits et pertes
conformément aux dispositions de l'article 710-23 de la Loi.

10.2.2 Chaque associé pourra personnellement ou par l'intermédiaire d'un
mandataire désigné, examiner, au siège social de la Société, l'inventaire, le bilan,
le compte de profits et pertes et, le cas échéant, le rapport du/des commissaire(s)
aux compte(s) conformément à l'article 710-27 de la Loi. Lorsque le nombre des
associés excède soixante (60), cet examen ne sera autorisé que quinze jours avant
la réunion.

ARTICLE 11 DISTRIBUTION DES PROFITS

11.1 Un montant égal à cinq pour cent (5%) du bénéfice net de la Société
devra être alloué à une réserve légale jusqu'à ce que cette réserve atteigne dix
pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

11.2 Le solde des bénéﬁces nets peut être distribué à l'/aux associé(s)
proportionnellement à leur participation dans la Société.

11.3 Sauf disposition contraire prévue dans les présents Statuts, chaque part

sociale donne droit à une part des actifs et bénéfices de la Société en proportion

_25_


avec le nombre des parts sociales existantes.

11.4 Le gérant unique ou le conseil de gérance, le cas échéant peut/peuvent
décider de payer des acomptes sur dividendes aux associés avant la ﬁn de
l'exercice sur la base de comptes intérimaires montrant que des fonds sufﬁsants
sont disponibles pour la distribution, étant entendu que le montant à distribuer ne
peut excéder les bénéﬁces totaux réalisés depuis la ﬁn du dernier exercice pour
lequel les comptes annuels ont été approuvés, augmenté des bénéﬁces ainsi que
des prélèvements effectués sur les réserves disponibles à cet effet et diminué des
pertes reportées ainsi que des sommes à porter en réserves en vertu d'une
obligation légale ou statutaire. La décision du conseil de gérance de distribuer un
acompte sur dividende ne peut être prise plus de deux mois après la date de
l'établissement des comptes intérimaires

ARTICLE 12 DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION

12.1 La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de la suspension des
droits civils, de l'insolvabilité ou de la faillite de l'associé unique ou d'un des
associés.

12.2 Sauf dans le cas d'une dissolution par décision judiciaire, la dissolution
de la Société ne peut se faire que sur décision adoptée par l'assemblée générale
des associés dans les conditions exigées pour la modiﬁcation des Statuts.

12.3 Au moment de la dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera effectuée
par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non, nommés par les associés qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et rémunération.

ARTICLE 13 REFERENCE A LA LOI

Pour tous les points non expressément prévus aux présents Statuts, il est fait
référence aux dispositions de la Loi.

DISPOSITION TRAN SITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commence à la date de la constitution de la
Société et ﬁnira le 31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Les Statuts de la Société ayant été ainsi arrêtés, les 20.000 (vingt mille)
parts sociales ont été souscrites par l'associé unique, la société “NCH Bonn 1
LLC”, pré-désignée et représentée comme dit ci-avant, et libérées entièrement
par la souscriptrice prédite moyennant un versement en numéraire, de sorte que la
somme de EUR 20.000,- (vingt mille euros) se trouve dès à présent à la libre

disposition de la Société, ainsi qu'il en a été prouvé au notaire instrumentant par

-26-


une attestation bancaire, qui le constate expressément.
VERIFICATION
Le notaire instrumentant déclare par les présentes avoir Vériﬁé l’existence
des conditions énumérées aux articles 710-6 and 710-7 (1) 1°) de la loi du 10 août
1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée, et en constate
expressément l’accomplissement.

FRAIS

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque

 

forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en
raison de sa constitution, s'élève à environ mille deux cents euros (EUR 1.200,-).
RESOLUTION S DE L’ASSOCIE UNIS QUE

La partie comparante pré-mentionnée, représentant l’intégralité du capital
social souscrit, a pris les résolutions suivantes en tant qu’associé unique:

1. Le siège social est établi à L-2210 Luxembourg, 84, boulevard Napoléon
I‘“.

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées comme gérants de la Société pour
une durée indéterminée:

OMonsieur Gregory KATZ, gérant de société, né à Suresnes (France), le 4
septembre 1950, demeurant à 10018 New York, 452 Fifth Avenue, 24th FI, (Etats-
Unis d'Amérique), gérant de classe A;

0 Monsieur Moris TABACINIC, gérant de société, né en Barranquilla
(Colombie), le 31 mars 1955, demeurant à 33154 Bay Harbour (Floride), 262 Bal
Bay Drive (Etats-Unis d'Amérique), gérant de classe A;

. Monsieur Jose BONAFON TE MAGRI, gérant de société, né à Barcelone
(Espagne), le 20 janvier 1964 demeurant professionnellement à L-2210
Luxembourg, 84, boulevard Napoléon Ier, gérant de classe B.

DECLARATION

La notaire soussignée, qui comprend et parle l'anglais et le français, déclare
par les présentes, qu'à la requête de la partie comparante le présent acte est rédigé
en anglais suivi d'une version française; à la requête de la même partie
comparante, et en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français, la
version anglaise prévaudra.

DONT ACTE, le présent acte a été passé à Redange-sur-Attert, en l'Etude
de la notaire soussignée, àla date indiquée en tête des présentes.

Après lecture du présent acte au Mandataire de la partie comparante,

_27_


agissant comme dit ci-avant, connu de la notaire par nom, prénom, état civil et
domicile, ledit Mandataire a signé avec Nous, notaire, le présent acte.

Signé : C. DOSTERT, D. KOLBACH

Enregistré à Diekirch A.C., le 21 décembre 2018

Relation : DAC/2018/ 17985

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €
Le Receveur, (signé) Carlo RODENBOUR

POUR EXPEDITION CON FORME

Délivrée àla Société sur sa demande

Redange-sur-Attert, le 31 décembre 2018

-28-


