Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230551

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.600
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019
Déposé le 02/01/2019

European Entertainment (Holdings) S.à r.|.

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social : 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle
L-1653 Luxembourg

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

Numéro R.C.S. Luxembourg : B en cours

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE
DU 27 NOVEMBRE 2018

NUMERO 2412/2018

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twenty-seventh
day of November,

before us, Maître Martine SCHAEFFER, notary residing in
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

There appeared:

BE VI Nominees Limited, a limited company organized and
existing under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered
office at 95 Wigmore Street, W1U 1FB London, United Kingdom,
registered with the Companies House under number 10975207 (the
Founding Shareholder),

here represented by lmede El Moudden, lawyer, with
professional address in Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, by
virtue of a proxy given under private seal on November 23rd, 2018.

The said proxy, after having been signed ne varietur by the
proxyholder of the appearing party and the undersigned notary, shall
remain attached to this notarial deed to be filed at the same time with the
registration authorities.

Such appearing party, represented as described above, has
requested the undersigned notary to document the deed of incorporation
of a private limited liability company (société a responsabilité Iimitée)
which it deems to incorporate and the articles of association of which
shall be as follows:

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
Article 1 — Definitions.

In the interpretation of these articles of association unless the
context otherwise indicates, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:


Articles

Board

Chairman

Company

General Meeting

Law

Managers

Shareholders

Shareholders Circular
Resolutions

Shares

Share Premium

Sole Manager

Sole Shareholder

means these articles of
association of the Company, as
amended from time to time.

means the board of managers
of the Company, if several
Managers have been
appointed.

means the chairman of the
Board from time to time.

means European
Entertainment (Holdings) S.à
r.|.

means the general meeting of
the Shareholders.

means the law of August 10,
1915 on commercial
companies, as amended from
time to time.

means the persons appointed
as such by the General
Meeting and Manager means
any of them.

means the persons registered
in the register of shareholders
of the Company, in application
of article 710-8 of the Law, as
the holders of the Shares from
time to time and Shareholder
means any of them.

shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in article
10.

means the shares in registered
form in the share capital of the
Company having a nominal
value of one Euro (EUR 1.-)
each and Share means any of
them.

shall have the meaning

ascribed to such term in article
6.

means the sole manager of the
Company.

means the sole person
registered in the register of
shareholders of the Company,
in application of article 710-8 of
the Law, as the only holder of
the Shares from time to time.


SPERA shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in article
6.

Article 2 — Form and Name.

The name of the Company is “European Entertainment
(Holdings) S.à r.|.”. The Company is a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) governed by the present Articles, the
Law and the relevant legislation.

The Company may have a Sole Shareholder or several
Shareholders with a maximum of one hundred (100) Shareholders. In
the event that the number of Shareholders exceeds one hundred (100)
for any reason, the Company shall have a period of one (1) year from
the date on which such limit was exceeded to convert into another legal
form. Any reference to the Shareholders in the Articles shall be a
reference to the Sole Shareholder if the Company has only one (1)
Shareholder.

Article 3 — Corporate Objects.

The purpose of the Company is the acquisition, holding,
management and disposal of participations and any interests, in
Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies and/or enterprises in any form
whatsoever. The Company may in particular acquire by subscription,
purchase and exchange or in any other manner any stock, shares and
other participation securities, bonds, debentures, certificates of deposit
and other debt instruments and more generally, any securities and
financial instruments issued by any public or private entity. It may
participate in the creation, development, management and control of any
company and/or enterprise. It may further invest in the acquisition and
management of a portfolio of patents or other intellectual property rights
of any nature or origin.

The Company may borrow in any form except by way of public
offer and proceed by private placement only to the issue of bonds,
notes, debentures or any kind of debt or equity securities.

The Company may lend funds, including without limitation,
resulting from any borrowings of the Company and/or from the issue of
any equity or debt securities of any kind, to its subsidiaries, affiliated
companies and/or any other companies or entities it deems fit.

The Company may further guarantee, grant security in favor of or
otherwise assist the companies in which it holds a direct or indirect
participation or which form part of the same group of companies as the
Company. The Company may further give guarantees, pledge, transfer
or encumber or otherwise create security over some or all of its assets to
guarantee its own obligations and those of any other company, and
generally for its own benefit and that of any other company or person.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may not carry out any
regulated activities of the financial sector without having obtained the
required authorization.

The Company may further act as a general or limited member
with unlimited or limited liability for all debts and obligations of
partnerships or similar entities.


The Company may use any techniques and instruments to
efficiently manage its investments and to protect itself against credit
risks, currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks.

The Company may, for its own account as well as for the account
of third parties, carry out all operations (including, without limitation,
transactions with respect to real estate or movable property) which may
be useful or necessary to the accomplishment of its purpose or which
are directly or indirectly related to its purpose.

Article 4 — Duration.
The Company is formed for an unlimited duration.
Article 5 — Registered Office.

The registered office of the Company is established in
Luxembourg. The Board or, in the case of a sole Manager, the Sole
Manager may transfer the registered office of the Company within the
same municipality or to any other municipality in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg and amend these Articles accordingly by notarial statement
if necessary. In case of a Sole Shareholder, the transfer of the registered
office of the Company within the same municipality or to any other
municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg requires a decision of
the Sole Shareholder.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager, shall
further have the right to set up branches, subsidiaries or other offices
wherever it shall deem fit, either within or outside the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

Where the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager,
determines that extraordinary political or military developments or events
have occurred or are imminent and that these developments or events
would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered
office, or with the ease of communication between such office and
persons abroad, the registered office may be temporarily transferred
abroad until the complete cessation of these extraordinary
circumstances. Such temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary
transfer of its registered office, will remain a Luxembourg incorporated
company.

Article 6 — Share Capital.

The subscribed share capital of the Company is set at twelve

thousand Euro (EUR 12,000.-), represented by twelve thousand
(12,000) Shares having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) each.

In addition to the subscribed share capital, a premium account
(the Share Premium), into which any premium paid on any Share (in
addition to its nominal value) is transferred, may be set up. Decisions as
to the use of the Share Premium account are to be taken by the General
Meeting subject to the provisions of the Law and these Articles.

A special equity reserve account (the SPERA), connected to the
Shares may be set up. Decisions as to the use of the SPERA account
are to be taken by the General Meeting subject to the provisions of the
Law and these Articles.


The Company’s subscribed share capital may be increased or
reduced by a resolution adopted by the General Meeting in the manner
required for the amendment to the Articles, as prescribed in article 11
below.

The Company may repurchase its own Shares subject to the
relevant provisions of the Law.

The Board or, in the case of a sole Manager, the Sole Manager,
is authorised to cancel Shares held in treasury and to proceed with the
corresponding share capital reduction.

Article 7 — Shares — Register of Shares.

The Company’s share capital is divided into Shares, each of
them having the same nominal value. All Shares are in registered form,
fully subscribed and entirely paid up.

A register of the Shareholders will be kept at the registered office,
where it will be available for inspection by any Shareholder. Such register
shall contain all the information required by the Law. Each Shareholder will
notify the Company by registered letter his/her/its address and any change
thereof. The Company may rely on the last address of a Shareholder
received by him/her/it. The ownership of the Shares will be established by
the entry in this register.

Certificates of these entries may be issued to the Shareholders
upon request and at the expense of the relevant Shareholder and such
certificates, if any, will be signed by the Chairman or by any two (2)
Managers or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.

The Company will recognize only one (1) holder per Share. In case
a Share is held by more than one (1) person, the Company has the right to
suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that Share, except for
relevant information rights, until one (1) person has been appointed as sole
owner in relation to the Company.

Article 8 — Transfer of Shares.

Shares are freely transferable among the Shareholders. Except if
otherwise provided by law, the transfer of Shares to third parties is
subject to the prior consent of the Shareholders representing at least
one half (1/2) of all the shares in issue. The transfer of Shares to third
parties by reason of a Shareholder’s death must be approved by the
remaining Shareholders holding at least one half (1/2) of the Shares
owned by the remaining Shareholders. Such approval is, however, not
required in case the Shares are transferred either to parents,
descendants or the surviving spouse or any other legal heir of the
deceased Shareholder.

If a Shareholder intends to transfer one (1) or more Shares to a
third party transferee, such transferring Shareholder must send a notice to
the Company with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including
the identity of the transferee, the transfer price, and, if relevant, the
conditions applicable to the transfer.

If the proposed transfer is not approved by the Shareholders
representing at least one half (1/2) of all the shares in issue, the
Shareholders may, within three (3) months from the date of the refusal,
acquire the Share(s) on an equal treatment basis (unless otherwise agreed


between them) or procure the acquisition of the Share(s), at a price
determined in accordance with this article 8, except if the transferring
Shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the Board or,
as the case may be, the Sole Manager, the three-month period can be
extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of
Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary
proceedings, it being understood that such extension shall not exceed
six (6) months.

To the extent that the Shareholders have not proposed to acquire
the Shares, the Company, may, within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring Shareholder, decide (i) to reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of
the relevant Share(s) and (ii) redeem and cancel such Shares at a price
determined in accordance with this article 8.

For the purpose of this article 8, the transfer price or redemption
price shall correspond to the fair market value of the Shares as determined
in good faith by the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager.

If following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing Shareholders have acquired nor the Company has redeemed
the Shares, the transferring Shareholder may freely sell his Shares to
the proposed new Shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions
which were notified to the Company.

Any transfer of Shares shall become effective towards the
Company and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or
upon the acceptance of the transfer by the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the Luxembourg civil code.

The Company may also accept as evidence of transfer other
instruments of transfer evidencing the consent of the transferor and the
transferee satisfactory to the Company.

Article 9 — Powers of the General Meeting.

As long as the Company has only one (1) Shareholder, the Sole
Shareholder assumes all powers conferred to the General Meeting. In
these Articles, decisions taken, or powers exercised, by the General
Meeting shall be a reference to decisions taken, or powers exercised, by
the Sole Shareholder as long as the Company has only one (1)
Shareholder. Decisions taken by the Sole Shareholder are documented
by way of written minutes.

In the case of a plurality of Shareholders, any regularly constituted
General Meeting shall represent the entire body of Shareholders. It shall
have the broadest powers to order, carry out or ratify acts relating to all the
operations of the Company.

Article 10 — Annual General Meeting — Other General
Meetings.

If the number of Shareholders exceeds sixty (60), at least one
General Meeting shall be held, in accordance with the Law, within six (6)
months of the end of each financial year at the address of the registered
office of the Company or at such other place in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg as may be specified in the convening notice of the General
Meeting.


Other General Meetings may be held at such place and time as
may be specified in the respective convening notices of the General
Meeting.

Resolutions of the Shareholders shall be adopted at a General
Meeting or by way of circular resolutions (the Shareholders Circular
Resolutions) in case the number of Shareholders is less than or equal
to sixty (60), except in case of proposed amendments to these Articles.

Where resolution(s) is/are to be adopted by way of Shareholders
Circular Resolutions, each Shareholder shall be sent an explicit draft of
the resolution(s) to be passed, and shall cast his/her/its vote in writing.

Article 11 — Notice, quorum, convening notices, powers of
attorney and vote.

The Shareholders shall be convened to the General Meetings or
consulted in writing at the initiative of (i) any Manager or, as the case
may be, the Sole Manager, (ii) the statutory auditor(s) (if any) or (iii)
Shareholders representing more than one-half (1/2) of the Company’s
subscribed share capital.

Written convening notice of any General Meeting shall be given
to all Shareholders by registered mail to their address appearing in the
register of Shareholders held by the Company at least eight (8) calendar
days in advance of the date of the General Meeting, except in case of
emergency, the nature and circumstances of which shall be set forth in
the convening notice of the General Meeting.

One (1) or several Shareholders holding together at least ten
percent (10%) of the share capital or the voting rights may submit
questions in writing to the Board or, as the case may be, the Sole
Manager, relating to transactions in connection with the management of
the Company as well as companies controlled by the Company; with
respect to the latter, such questions shall be assessed in consideration
of the relevant entities’ corporate interest. In the absence of a response
within one (1) month, the relevant Shareholders may request the
president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with
commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings to appoint
one (1) or several experts in charge of drawing up a report on such
related transactions.

If all the Shareholders are present and/or represented at a
General Meeting and consider themselves as being duly convened and
informed of the agenda of the meeting, the General Meeting may be
held without prior written convening notice.

A Shareholder may act at any General Meeting by appointing
another person, who need not be a Shareholder, as his/her/its prow in
writing whether in original, by telefax or e-mail to which an electronic
signature (which is valid under Luxembourg law) is affixed.

Any Shareholder may participate in a General Meeting by
conference call, video conference or similar means of communications
equipment whereby (i) all the Shareholders attending the General
Meeting can be identified, (ii) all persons participating in the General
Meeting can hear and speak to each other, (iii) the transmission of the
General Meeting is performed on an on-going basis and (iv) the
Shareholders can properly deliberate. Shareholders participating in a


 

General Meeting by such means are deemed to be present for the
computation of the quorums and votes, subject to such means of
communication being made available at the place of the meeting. In
such case, at least one (1) Shareholder or his/her/its proxy shall be
physically present at the registered office of the Company and the
meeting shall be deemed held at the registered office of the Company.

Each Shareholder may vote at a General Meeting through a
signed voting form sent by post, electronic mail, fascimile or any other
means of communication to the Company’s registered office or to the
address specified in the convening notice. The Shareholders may only
use voting forms provided by the Company which contain at least the
place, date and time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the
proposals submitted to the Shareholders, as well as for each proposal
three (3) boxes allowing the Shareholder to vote in favour, against, or
abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate box.

Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a
vote in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an
abstention are void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall
only take into account voting forms received on the day preceding the
date of the General Meeting to which they relate.

The Board or, in the case of a sole Manager, the Sole Manager
may determine further conditions that must be fulfilled by the
Shareholders for them to take part in any General Meeting.

An attendance list must be kept at all General Meetings.

Save for more stringent provisions in these Articles or in the Law,
resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings shall be passed by
Shareholders owning more than one-half (1/2) of the Company’s
subscribed share capital. If this majority is not reached at the first
General Meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened by registered
letters to a second General Meeting with the same agenda and
decisions and the resolutions shall be adopted at the second General
Meeting by a majority of the votes cast, regardless of the proportion of
the subscribed share capital represented.

The Articles may be amended with the consent of Shareholders
owning at least three-quarters (3/4) of the Company’s subscribed share
capital.

Any change in the nationality of the Company may be adopted by
the General Meeting in the manner required for the amendment to the
Articles.

Each Share is entitled to one (1) vote at General Meetings. The
Board or, in the case of a sole Manager, the Sole Manager may suspend
the voting rights of any Shareholder in breach of his/her/its obligations
as described by these Articles or any relevant contractual arrangement
entered into by such Shareholder.

A Shareholder may individually decide not to exercise,
temporarily or permanently, all or part of his/her/its voting rights. The
waiving Shareholder is bound by such a waiver and the waiver is
mandatory for the Company upon notification to the latter.

In case the voting rights of one (1) or more Shareholders are
suspended or the exercise of the voting rights has been waived by one


(1) or several Shareholders in accordance with the above paragraphs,
such Shareholders may attend any General Meeting but the Shares they
hold are not taken into account for the determination of the conditions of
quorum and majority to be complied with at the General Meetings or to
determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

Article 12 — Management.

The Company shall be managed by one (1) or several
Manager(s) who need not be Shareholders.

The Manager(s) shall be appointed by the General Meeting. The
General Meeting shall also determine the number of Managers, their
remuneration and the term of their office. A Manager may be removed with
or without cause and/or replaced, at any time, by a resolution adopted by
the General Meeting.

If several Managers are appointed, they shall constitute the
Board.

Article 13 — Meetings of the Board.

The Board shall appoint a Chairman among its members and
may choose a secretary, who need not be a Manager and who shall be
responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the Board, the
resolutions passed at the General Meeting or of the resolutions passed
by the Sole Shareholder. The Chairman will preside at all meetings of
the Board. In his/her absence, the other Managers will appoint another
Chairman pro tempore who will preside at the relevant meeting by
simple majority vote of the Managers present and/or represented at such
meeting.

The Board shall meet upon call by the Chairman or any Manager
at the place indicated in the convening notice of the meeting.

Written convening notice of any meeting of the Board shall be
given to all the Managers at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of
the date set for such meeting, except in circumstances of emergency, in
which case the nature of such circumstances shall be set forth briefly in
the convening notice of the meeting of the Board.

No such written convening notice is required if all the Managers
are present and/or represented during the meeting and if they state to
have been duly informed and to have had full knowledge of the agenda
of the meeting. The written convening notice may be waived by the
consent in writing, whether in original, by telefax or e-mail to which an
electronic signature (which is valid under Luxembourg law) is affixed, of
each Manager. Separate written convening notice shall not be required
for meetings that are held at times and places determined in a schedule
previously adopted by a resolution of the Board.

Any Manager may act at any meeting of the Board by appointing
in writing, whether in original, by telefax or e-mail to which an
electronic signature (which is valid under Luxembourg law) is affixed,
another Manager as his or her proxy. A Manager may represent one
(1) or more but not all of the other Managers.

The Board can validly debate and take decisions only if at least
the majority of its members is present and/or represented. A Manager
may represent more than one of his or her colleagues, provided however


that at least two (2) Managers are present at the meeting or participate
at such meeting by way of any means of communication that are
permitted under the Articles and the Law. Decisions are taken by the
majority of the Managers present and/or represented.

In case of a tied vote, the Chairman of the meeting shall have a
casting vote.

Any Manager may participate in a meeting of the Board by
conference call, video conference or similar means of communications
equipment whereby (i) all Managers attending the meeting can be
identified, (ii) all persons participating in the meeting can hear and speak
to each other, (iii) the transmission of the meeting is performed on an
on-going basis and (iv) the Managers can properly deliberate.
Participating in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in
person at such meeting. A meeting of the Board held by such means of
communication will be deemed to be held in Luxembourg.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a resolution of the Board may also
be passed in writing, in case of urgency or where other exceptional
circumstances so require. Such written resolution shall consist of one (1)
or several documents containing the resolution and signed, manually or
electronically by means of an electronic signature (which is valid under
Luxembourg law) by each Manager. The date of such resolution shall be
the date of the last signature.

Article 13 does not apply in the case that the Company is
managed by a Sole Manager.

Article 14 — Minutes of meetings of the Board or minutes of
resolutions of the Sole Manager.

The resolutions passed by the Sole Manager shall be
documented by written minutes kept at the Company's registered office.

The minutes of any meeting of the Board shall be signed by the
Chairman or a member of the Board who presided at such meeting or all
the Managers present at such meeting. The minutes of the resolutions
taken by the Sole Manager shall be signed by the Sole Manager.

Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in
judicial proceedings or othenNise shall be signed by the Chairman, any
two (2) Managers or the Sole Manager (as the case may be).

Article 15 — Powers of the Board.

The Board or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager is vested
with the broadest powers to manage the business of the Company and
to authorize and/or perform or cause to be performed all acts of disposal
and administration falling within the corporate objects of the Company.

All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or by the Articles to
the General Meeting fall within the competence of the Board or, as the
case may be, the Sole Manager.

Article 16 — Delegation of powers.

The Board may appoint a person (délégué a la gestion
journalière), either a Shareholder or not, or a member of the Board or
not, who shall have full authority to act on behalf of the Company in all
matters concerned with the daily management and affairs of the
Company.

10


The Board may appoint a person, either a Shareholder or not,
either a Manager or not, as permanent representative for any entity in
which the Company is appointed as member of the board of directors.
This permanent representative shall act with all discretion, but in the
name and on behalf of the Company, and may bind the Company in its
capacity as member of the board of directors of any such entity.

The Board is also authorized to appoint a person, either Manager
or not, for the purposes of performing specific functions at every level
within the Company.

Article 17 — Binding signatures.

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters
by (i) the joint signatures of any two (2) Managers or as the case may
be, (ii) the sole signature of the Sole Manager.

The Company shall further be bound by the joint signatures of
any persons or the sole signature of the person to whom specific
signatory power has been granted by the Board or the Sole Manager,
but only within the limits of such power. Within the boundaries of the
daily management, the Company will be bound by the sole signature, as
the case may be, of the person appointed to that effect in accordance
with the first paragraph of article 16 above.

Article 18 — Liability of the Manager(s).

The Manager(s) do not assume, by reason of their position, any
personal liability in relation to commitments regularly made by them in
the name of the Company provided such commitments comply with the
Articles and the Law. They are authorized agents only and are therefore
merely responsible for the execution of their mandate.

Article 19 — Audit.

If the number of Shareholders exceeds sixty (60), the operations
of the Company shall be supervised by one (1) or more statutory
auditor(s) (commissaire(s)), or, where required by the law, an
independent external auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé).

The Shareholders shall appoint the statutory auditor(s)
(commissaire(s)), if any and the independent external auditor (réviseur
d’entreprises agréé), if any, and determine their number, remuneration
and the term of their office. The statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s)) and
the independent external auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) may be
re-appointed.

Article 20 — Accounting Year.

The accounting year of the Company shall begin on January first
(1“) and ends on December thirty-first (31“) of each year.

Article 21 — Annual Accounts.

Every year as of the accounting year's end, the Board or, as the
case may be, the Sole Manager will draw up the annual accounts of the

Company in the form required by the law.

Each Shareholder may inspect the above inventory and annual
accounts at the Company's registered office.

11


Article 22 — Distributions.

From the annual net profits of the Company, five percent (5%)
shall be allocated to the reserve required by law. This allocation shall
cease to be required as soon as such legal reserve amounts to ten
percent (10%) of the subscribed share capital of the Company as stated
or as increased or reduced from time to time as provided in article 6
above, but shall again be compulsory if the reserve falls below such one-
tenth (1/10).

The annual General Meeting shall determine the allocation of the
remainder of the annual net profits and may decide to pay dividends
from time to time as in its discretion it believes best suits the corporate
purpose and policy and within the limits of the Law.

Interim dividends may be distributed, at any time, by the Board
or, as the case may be, the Sole Manager subject to the relevant
provisions of the Law.

Any Share Premium, assimilated premium or other distributable
reserve (such as the SPERA) may be freely distributed to the
Shareholders subject to the provisions of the Law and these Articles.

Article 23 — Dissolution.

The Company is not dissolved by reason of the death,
suspension of civil rights, incapacity, bankruptcy, insolvency or any
similar event affecting one (1) or several Shareholders.

The Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution of the
General Meeting adopted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Law. In
the event of a dissolution of the Company, the liquidation shall be carried
out by one (1) or several liquidators (who may be physical persons or legal
entities) appointed by the General Meeting deciding such liquidation. Such
General Meeting shall also determine the powers and the remuneration of
the quuidator(s).

The surplus, after realization of the assets and the payment of
the liabilities, shall be distributed among the Shareholders proportionally
to the Shares held by them.

Article 24 — Applicable law.

All matters not expressly governed by these Articles shall be
determined in accordance with the Law and, subject to any non-waivable
provisions of the applicable law, any agreement entered into by the
Shareholders from time to time.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS

The first accounting year begins today and ends on December
31, 2018.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The Articles having thus been established, the Founding
Shareholder, represented as described above, hereby declares that it
subscribes to twelve thousand (12,000) shares representing the total
subscribed share capital of the Company.

All these shares have been fully paid up by the Founding
Shareholder by a payment in cash, so that the sum of twelve thousand
Euro (EUR 12,000.-) paid by the Founding Shareholder is from now on at

12


the free disposal of the Company, evidence thereof having been given to

the officiating notary.

STATEMENT - COSTS

The notary executing this notarial deed declares that the
conditions prescribed by articles 710-5 and 710-6 of the Law have been
fulfilled and expressly bears witness to their fulfillment. Further, the
notary executing this deed confirms that these Articles comply with the
provisions of articles 420-15 and 710-7 of the Law.

The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form
whatsoever, which shall be borne by the Company as a result of the
present deed are estimated to be approximately to one thousand four
hundred Euro (EUR 1.400.-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The Founding Shareholder, represented as described above,
representing the total subscribed share capital of the Company, has
passed the following resolutions:

(a) the number of managers of the Company is set at four (4);

(b) the following persons are appointed as managers of the

Company

Mr Davy BEAUCE, born on December 30, 1981,
in Messancy, Belgium, with professional address
at 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

Mr Christophe GAMMAL, born on August 9, 1967,
in Uccle, Belgium, residing professionally at 153-
155, rue du Kiem, L-8030 Strassen, Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg;

Mr Xavier DE ClLLlA, born on April 11, 1978, in
Nice, France, with professional address at 2,
avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

Mr Nicolas PONCELET, born on June 16, 1979,
in Arlon, Belgium, with professional address at
153-155, rue du Kiem, L-8030 Strassen, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg;

(c) the members of the Board are appointed for an
undetermined period; and

(d) the address of the registered office of the Company is set at
2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English,
states herewith that at the request of the proxyholder of the above
appearing party, the present deed is worded in English followed by a
French version. At the request of the proxyholder of the same appearing

13


party and in case of divergences between the English and the French
versions, the English version will prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg,
on the day named at the beginning of this document.

This document having been read to the proxyholder of the
appearing party, who is known to the undersigned notary by his/her
surname, name, civil status and residence, the said proxyholder of the
appearing party signed the present deed together with the undersigned
notary.

Suit la traduction en français du texte qui précède:

 

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le vingt-septieme jour du mois de
novembre,

par-devant nous, Maître Martine Schaeffer, notaire demeurant a
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

A comparu:

BE VI Nominees Limited, une société ä responsabilité limitée
organisée et constituée selon les Iois d’AngIeterre et du Pays de Galles,
ayant son siege social au 95 Wigmore Street, W1U 1FB Londres,
Royaume-Uni, immatriculée aupres du Companies House sous le
numéro 10975207 (l'Associé Fondateur),

ici représentée par Monsieur lmède El Moudden, avocat, ayant
son adresse professionnelle a Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, en vertu d'une procuration donnée sous seing privé le
23 novembre 2018.

Ladite procuration, après avoir été signée ne varietur par le
mandataire de la partie comparante ainsi que par le notaire soussigné,
restera annexée au present acte notarié pour etre soumise ensemble
aux formalités d'enregistrement.

Laquelle partie comparante, représentée tel que décrit ci-dessus,
a requis le notaire soussigné d’enregistrer l’acte de constitution d’une
société a responsabilité limitée qu'elle declare constituer et de dresser
les statuts qu'elle a arrêtes comme suit:

STATUTS
Article 1 — Définitions.

Pour ce qui est de l’interprétation de ces statuts, a moins que le
contexte ne l’indique de manière différente, les termes suivants auront
les significations suivantes:

Assemblée Générale signifie l’assemblée générale des
Associés.
Associés signifie les personnes nommées

dans le registre des associés de
la Société, conformément a
l’article 710-8 de la Loi, en tant
que détenteurs de Parts Sociales
de temps a autre et Associé
signifie n’importe lequel d’entre

14


eux.

Associé Unique signifie la personne unique
nommée dans le registre des
associés de la Société,
conformément à l’article 710-8 de
la Loi, en tant que seul détenteur
des Parts Sociales de temps a

autre.

CRSP aura la signification donnée a ce
terme à l’article 6.

Conseil signifie l’organe de gérance de la
Société, si plusieurs Gérants ont
été nommés.

Gérants signifie les personnes nommées

en cette qualité par l’Assemblée
Générale et Gérant signifie
n’importe lequel d’entre eux.

Gérant Unique signifie le gérant unique de la
Société.
Loi signifie la loi du 10 août 1915 sur

les sociétés commerciales, telle
que modifiée de temps a autre.

Parts Sociales signifie les parts sociales
nominatives dans le capital social
de la Société ayant une valeur
nominale d’un Euro (EUR 1.-)
chacune et Part Sociale signifie
n’importe laquelle d’entre elles.

Président signifie le président du Conseil de
temps a autre.

Prime d’Emission aura la signification donnée a ce
terme à l’article 6.

Résolutions Circulaires des aura la signification donnée a ce

Associés terme à l’article 10.

Société signifie European Entertainment
(Holdings) S.à r.l.

Statuts signifie les présents statuts de la

Société, tels que modifiés de
temps a autre.

Article 2 — Forme et Dénomination.

La dénomination de la Société est « European Entertainment
(Holdings) S.à r.l. ». La Société est une société à responsabilité limitée
régie par les présents Statuts, la Loi et la législation applicable.

La Société peut avoir un Associé Unique ou plusieurs Associés,
avec un nombre maximum de cent (100) Associés. Si, pour n’importe
quelle raison, le nombre d’Associés dépasse cent (100), la Société aura
un délai de un (1) an a compter de la date a laquelle cette limite a été
dépassée pour être convertie en une autre forme juridique. Toute

15


référence aux Associés dans les Statuts est une référence a l'Associé
Unique si la Société n'a qu'un (1) seul Associé.

Article 3 — Objet Social.

L'objet de la Société est l’acquisition, la détention, la gestion et la
disposition de participations et d’intérêts, tant au Luxembourg qu'à
l'étranger, dans toutes sociétés et/ou entreprises, sous quelque forme
que ce soit. La Société peut notamment acquérir par souscription, achat
et échange ou de toute autre manière tous titres, actions et autres
valeurs de participation, obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et
autres instruments de dette, et plus généralement, toutes valeurs et
instruments financiers émis par toute entité publique ou privée. Elle peut
participer a la création, au développement, a la gestion et au contrôle de
toute société et/ou entreprise. Elle peut en outre investir dans
l'acquisition et la gestion d'un portefeuille de brevets ou d'autres droits
de propriété intellectuelle de quelque nature ou origine que ce soit.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit
excepté par voie d’offre publique et elle peut procéder, uniquement par
voie de placement privé, à l'émission d’obligations, de billets à ordre, de
titres de créance ou de toute sorte de créance ou de titres participatifs.

La Société peut prêter des fonds comprenant, sans limitation,
ceux résultant de ses emprunts et/ou des émissions de titres participatifs
ou de titres de créance de toute sorte, à ses filiales, à des sociétés
affiliées et/ou à toutes autres sociétés ou entités jugées appropriées.

La Société peut également garantir, accorder des garanties en
faveur de ou assister autrement des sociétés dans lesquelles elle détient
une participation directe ou indirecte ou des sociétés qui font partie du
même groupe de sociétés que la Société. La Société peut en outre
consentir des garanties, nantir, céder ou grever de charge ou créer, de
toute autre manière, des sûretés portant sur tout ou partie de ses avoirs
pour garantir ses propres obligations et celles de toute autre société, et
généralement pour son propre bénéfice et celui de toute autre société
ou personne. Pour éviter toute ambiguïté, la Société ne peut pas exercer
d’activités réglementées du secteur financier sans avoir obtenu
l’autorisation requise.

La Société peut encore agir en tant qu’associé commandité ou
commanditaire avec responsabilité illimitée ou limitée pour toutes les
créances et obligations de sociétés en commandite (partnerships) ou
entités similaires.

La Société peut employer toutes techniques et instruments
nécessaires à une gestion efficace de ses investissements, y compris
des techniques et instruments destinés à la protéger contre les risques
liés aux crédits, aux fluctuations monétaires, aux fluctuations de taux
d'intérêt et autres risques.

La Société peut, pour son propre compte ainsi que pour le
compte de tiers, accomplir toutes les opérations (comprenant, sans
limitation, des transactions mobilières ou immobilières) utiles ou
nécessaires à l’accomplissement de son objet social ou se rapportant
directement ou indirectement à celui-ci.

Article 4 — Durée.

La Société est formée pour une période indéterminée.

16


Article 5 — Siége Social.

Le siège social de la Société est établi à Luxembourg. Le Conseil
ou, dans le cas d’un Gérant unique, le Gérant Unique peut transférer le
siège social de la Société dans la même commune ou dans toute autre
commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et modifier les présents
Statuts en conséquence, par acte notarié si nécessaire. En cas
d’Associé Unique, le transfert de siège social au sein de la même
commune ou dans tout autre commune du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg requiert une décision de l’Associé Unique.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique, a encore le droit
de créer des succursales, des filiales ou d’autres bureaux en tous lieux
qu’il jugera appropriés, tant au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu'à
l'étranger.

Lorsque le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique estime
que des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique ou militaire de
nature à compromettre l'activité normale de la Société au siège social,
ou la communication aisée entre le siège social de la Société et
l'étranger se sont produits ou sont imminents, il pourra transférer
temporairement le siège social de la Société à l'étranger jusqu'à la
cessation complète de ces circonstances extraordinaires. Ces mesures
temporaires n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société
laquelle, en dépit du transfert temporaire de son siège social, restera
une société luxembourgeoise.

Article 6 — Capital Social.

Le capital social souscrit de la Société est fixé à douze mille Euro
(EUR 12.000,-), représenté par douze mille (12.000) Parts Sociales
ayant une valeur nominale d’un Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

En sus du capital social souscrit, il peut être créé un compte de
prime d’émission (la Prime d’Emission) sur lequel peut être versée
toute Prime d’Emission payée pour toute Part Sociale (en plus de sa
valeur nominale). Les décisions relatives à l’utilisation de la Prime
d’Emission sont prises par l’Assemblée Générale sous réserve des
dispositions de la Loi et des présents Statuts.

Un compte de réserve spéciale (le CRSP) lié aux Parts Sociales
peut être créé. Les décisions relatives à l’utilisation du CRSP sont prises
par l’Assemblée Générale sous réserve des dispositions de la Loi et des
présents Statuts.

Le capital social souscrit de la Société peut être augmenté ou
réduit par une résolution prise par l'Assemblée Générale statuant de la
manière requise en cas de modification des Statuts, dans les conditions
prévues à l'article 11 ci-dessous.

La Société peut racheter ses propres Parts Sociales, sous
réserve des dispositions concernées de la Loi.

Le Conseil ou, dans le cas d’un Gérant unique, le Gérant Unique
est autorisé à annuler les Parts Sociales détenues en trésorerie et à
procéder à la réduction du capital social correspondante.

Article 7 — Parts Sociales - Registre des Parts Sociales.

Le capital social de la Société est divisé en Parts Sociales,
chacune d’elles ayant la même valeur nominale. Toutes les Parts

17


Sociales sont nominatives, intégralement souscrites et entièrement
libérées.

Un registre des Associés est tenu au siège social, où il peut être
consulté par tout Associé. Ce registre contient toutes les informations
requises par la Loi. Chaque Associé notifiera son adresse à la Société
par lettre recommandée, ainsi que tout changement d’adresse ultérieur.
La Société peut considérer comme exacte la dernière adresse de

l’Associé qu’elle a reçue. La propriété des Parts Sociales est établie par
inscription dans ledit registre.

Des certificats constatant ces inscriptions peuvent être émis aux
Associés, sur simple demande, et aux frais de l’Associé concerné, et
ces certificats, s'ils sont émis, seront signés par le Président ou par deux
(2) Gérants ou, le cas échéant, par le Gérant Unique.

La Société ne reconnaît qu'un (1) seul propriétaire par Part
Sociale. Dans le cas où une Part Sociale viendrait à appartenir à
plusieurs personnes, la Société aura le droit de suspendre l'exercice de
tous droits attachés à cette Part Sociale, à l’exception des droits
d’informations appropriés, jusqu'au moment où une (1) personne aura
été désignée comme propriétaire unique vis-à-vis de la Société.

Article 8 — Cessions de Parts Sociales.

La cession de Parts Sociales entre Associés peut se faire
librement. A moins que la loi ne le prévoie autrement, la cession de
Parts Sociales a des tiers est soumise à l’accord préalable des Associés
représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) de toutes les parts sociales
émises. La cession de Parts Sociales a des tiers en raison du décès
d’un Associé doit être approuvée par les Associés survivants détenant
au moins la moitié (1/2) des Parts Sociales détenues par les Associés
survivants. Toutefois, cet agrément n’est pas requis dans le cas où les
Parts Sociales sont cédées aux parents, aux descendants ou au conjoint
survivant ou a tout autre héritier légal de l’Associé décédé.

Si un Associé envisage de céder une (1) ou plusieurs Parts
Sociales a un tiers cessionnaire, cet Associé cédant devra envoyer une
notification à la Société comprenant tous les détails appropriés relatifs à
la cession proposée, en ce compris l’identité du cessionnaire, le prix de
cession et, le cas échéant, les conditions applicables à la cession.

Si la cession proposée n’est pas approuvée par les Associés
représentant au moins la moitié (1/2) de toutes les parts sociales
émises, les Associés peuvent, dans un délai de trois (3) mois a compter
de la date du refus, acquérir la(les) Part(s) Sociale(s) sur une base de
traitement égalitaire (sauf s’ils en conviennent autrement entre eux) ou
prévoir l’acquisition de la (des) Part(s) Sociale(s) a un prix tel que
déterminé conformément à cet article 8, sauf si l’Associé cédant décide
de renoncer à la cession. Sur demande du Conseil ou, le cas échéant,
du Gérant Unique, la période de trois mois peut être prolongée par le
président du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en
matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé, étant entendu que
cette prolongation ne doit pas dépasser six (6) mois.

Dans la mesure où les Associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les
Parts Sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le
consentement de l’Associé cédant, décider (i) de réduire son capital
social d’un montant correspondant a la valeur nominale totale de la

18


(des) Part(s) Sociale(s) concernée(s) et (ii) racheter et annuler ces Parts
Sociales a un prix tel que déterminé conformément à cet article 8.

Pour les besoins de cet article 8, le prix de cession ou le prix de
rachat devra correspondre à la valeur de marché des Parts Sociales
telle que déterminée de bonne foi par le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le
Gérant Unique.

Si, à l’expiration de la période mentionnée ci-avant, les Associés
existants n’ont pas acquis les Parts Sociales et si la Société n’a pas non
plus racheté les Parts Sociales, l’Associé cédant pourra librement céder
ses Parts Sociales au(x) nouvel/nouveaux Associé(s) proposé(s) au prix
de cession et aux conditions qui ont été notifiés a la Société.

Toute cession de Parts Sociales deviendra opposable à l’égard
de la Société et des tiers au moment de la notification de la cession à,
ou au moment de l’acceptation de la cession par la Société,
conformément à l'article 1690 du code civil luxembourgeois.

La Société peut également accepter comme preuve de cession
d'autres instruments de cession prouvant les consentements du cédant
et du cessionnaire, etjugés suffisants parla Société.

Article 9 — Pouvoirs de l'Assemblée Générale.

Aussi longtemps que la Société n'a qu'un (1) Associé, l'Associé
Unique a tous les pouvoirs conférés à l'Assemblée Générale. Dans ces
Statuts, toute référence aux décisions prises ou aux pouvoirs exercés
par l'Assemblée Générale est une référence aux décisions prises ou aux
pouvoirs exercés par l'Associé Unique tant que la Société n'a qu'un (1)
seul Associé. Les décisions prises par l'Associé Unique sont
enregistrées par voie de procès-verbaux écrits.

Dans l'hypothèse d'une pluralité d’Associés, toute Assemblée
Générale régulièrement constituée représente tous les Associés. Elle a les
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour ordonner, faire ou ratifier tous les actes
relatifs aux opérations de la Société.

Article 10 — Assemblée Générale Annuelle — Autres
Assemblées Générales.

Si le nombre d’Associés excède soixante (60), une Assemblée
Générale au moins devra se tenir conformément à la Loi dans un délai
de six (6) mois suivant la fin de chaque année sociale a l’adresse du
siège social de la Société ou a tout autre endroit dans le Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg tel qu’indiqué dans les convocations de l’Assemblée
Générale.

Les autres Assemblées Générales pourront se tenir aux lieu et
heure spécifiés dans les avis de convocation.

Les résolutions des Associés seront prises par l’Assemblée
Générale ou par voie de résolutions circulaires (les Résolutions
Circulaires des Associés) dans le cas où le nombre des Associés est
inférieur ou égal à soixante (60), sauf en cas de modification des
présents Statuts.

Lorsque la (les) résolution(s) doit/doivent être prise(s) par le biais
de Résolutions Circulaires des Associés, chaque Associé recevra un
projet de la (des) résolution(s) a passer, et émettra son vote par écrit.

19


Article 11 — Convocation, quorum, avis de convocation,
procurations et vote.

Les Associés sont convoqués aux Assemblées Générales ou
consultés par écrit à l’initiative (i) de tout Gérant ou, le cas échéant, du
Gérant Unique, (ii) du/des commissaire(s) aux comptes (le cas échéant)
ou (iii) d’Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social
souscrit de la Société.

Les avis de convocation pour toute Assemblée Générale sont
envoyés à tous les Associés par lettre recommandée à leur domicile
dont il est fait mention dans le registre des Associés tenu par la Société
au moins huit (8) jours calendaires avant la date de l’Assemblée
Générale, sauf s'il y a urgence, auquel cas la nature et les motifs de
cette urgence seront mentionnés dans l'avis de convocation.

Un (1) ou plusieurs Associés détenant ensemble dix pour cent
(10%) au moins du capital social ou des droits de vote, peuvent
soumettre au Conseil ou, le cas échéant, au Gérant Unique, des
questions par écrit concernant les transactions relatives à la gestion de
la Société et des sociétés contrôlées par la Société ; en relation avec ce
qui précède, ces questions devront être appréciées en fonction des
intérêts de l’entité en question. En l’absence de réponse dans un délai
de un (1) mois, les Associés concernés pourront demander au président
du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en matière
commerciale et siégeant comme en matière de référé, de nommer un ou
plusieurs experts qui seront en charge de rédiger un rapport sur ces
transactions.

Si tous les Associés sont présents et/ou représentés à une
Assemblée Générale, et déclarent avoir été dûment convoqués et
informés de l'ordre du jour de l’assemblée, l’Assemblée Générale pourra
être tenue sans convocation préalable.

Chaque Associé peut prendre part aux Assemblées Générales
en désignant par écrit, soit en original, soit par téléfax ou par courriel
muni d'une signature électronique (conforme aux exigences de la loi
luxembourgeoise), une autre personne comme mandataire, Associé ou
non.

Tout Associé peut participer a une Assemblée Générale par
conférence téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de
communication similaire grâce auquel (i) tous les Associés participant à
l'Assemblée Générale peuvent être identifiés, (ii) toute personne
participant à l'Assemblée Générale peut entendre les autres participants
et leur parler, (iii) l'Assemblée Générale est retransmise en direct et (iv)
les Associés peuvent valablement délibérer. Les Associés participant a
une Assemblée Générale par un tel moyen de communication sont
considérés comme étant présents pour les besoins du calcul du quorum
et des votes, a condition que ces moyens de communication aient été
mis a disposition sur le lieu de l’assemblée. Dans un tel cas, un (1)
Associé au moins ou son représentant doit être présent en personne au
siège social de la Société et l’assemblée sera considérée comme avoir
lieu au siège social de la Société.

Chaque Associé peut prendre part au vote lors d’une Assemblée
Générale au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé parla poste, courrier
électronique, fax ou tout autre moyen de communication au siège social

20


de la Société ou a l’adresse indiquée dans l’avis de convocation. Les
Associés ne pourront utiliser que les formulaires de vote fournis par la
Société qui contiendront au moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de
l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les propositions soumises
aux Associés, ainsi que pour chaque proposition, trois (3) cases pour
permettre a l’Associé de voter en faveur, contre, ou s’abstenir de voter
en cochant la case correspondante.

Les formulaires de vote dans lesquels, pour une résolution
proposée, ne seraient pas mentionnés (i) un vote en faveur, (ii) un vote
contre la résolution proposée ou (iii) une abstention de vote, sont nuls
pour ladite résolution. La Société ne tiendra compte que des formulaires
de vote reçus le jour précédant la date de l’Assemblée Générale en
question.

Le Conseil ou, dans le cas d’un Gérant unique, le Gérant Unique
peut déterminer des conditions supplémentaires à remplir par les
Associés en vue de participer a une Assemblée Générale.

Une liste de présence doit être tenue pour toutes les Assemblées
Générales.

Sauf dispositions plus contraignantes des présents Statuts ou de
la Loi, les résolutions devant être adoptées en Assemblées Générales
seront prises par les Associés détenant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital
social souscrit de la Société. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte lors de
la première Assemblée Générale, les Associés seront convoqués par
lettre recommandée à une seconde Assemblée Générale avec le même
ordre du jour et mêmes décisions, et les résolutions seront prises lors de
la seconde Assemblée Générale à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans
tenir compte de la proportion du capital social souscrit représenté.

Les Statuts peuvent être modifiés avec le consentement des
Associés détenant au moins trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social souscrit
de la Société.

Le changement de la nationalité de la Société peut être adopté
par l’Assemblée Générale de la manière requise en cas de modification
des Statuts.

Chaque Part Sociale donne droit a un (1) vote aux Assemblées
Générales. Le Conseil ou, dans le cas d’un Gérant unique, le Gérant
Unique peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout Associé en violation de
ses obligations telles que décrites dans les présents Statuts ou dans
tout accord contractuel conclu par cet Associé.

Un Associé peut décider, à titre personnel, de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou définitivement, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote.
Une telle renonciation lie l’Associé renonçant et s’impose à la Société
dès sa notification à cette dernière.

Dans le cas où les droits de vote d’un (1) ou plusieurs Associés
sont suspendus ou dans le cas où un (1) ou plusieurs Associés ont
renoncé à leurs droits de vote conformément aux paragraphes
précédents, ces Associés pourront assister a une Assemblée Générale,
mais les Parts Sociales qu’ils détiennent ne seront pas pris en compte
pour la détermination des conditions de quorum et de majorité à
satisfaire aux Assemblées Générales ou pour déterminer si les
résolutions écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

21


Article 12 — Gérance.

La Société est gérée par un (1) ou plusieurs Gérant(s), Associés
ou non.

Le(s) Gérant(s) est (sont) nommé(s) par l'Assemblée Générale.
L'Assemblée Générale détermine également le nombre de Gérants, leur
rémunération et la durée de leur mandat. Un Gérant peut être révoqué
avec ou sans motif et/ou remplacé, à tout moment, par une résolution
prise par l’Assemblée Générale.

Si plusieurs Gérants sont nommés, ceux-ci constitueront le
Conseil.

Article 13 — Réunions du Conseil.

Le Conseil doit nommer un Président parmi ses membres et peut
désigner un secrétaire, Gérant ou non, qui sera en charge de la tenue
des procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil, des résolutions passées
en Assemblée Générale ou des résolutions passées par l'Associé
Unique. Le Président préside toutes les réunions du Conseil. En son
absence, les autres Gérants nommeront un autre Président pro tempore
qui présidera la réunion en question par un vote a la majorité simple des
Gérants présents et/ou représentés à la réunion en question.

Les réunions du Conseil sont convoquées par le Président ou par
tout Gérant, au lieu indiqué dans l'avis de convocation de la réunion.

Avis écrit de toute réunion du Conseil est donné a tous les
Gérants au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures avant la date prévue pour la
réunion, sauf s'il y a urgence, auquel cas la nature et les motifs de cette
urgence seront mentionnés brièvement dans la convocation de la
réunion du Conseil.

La réunion peut être valablement tenue sans convocation
préalable si tous les Gérants sont présents et/ou représentés lors de la
réunion et déclarent avoir été dûment informés de la réunion et de son
ordre du jour. Il peut aussi être renoncé à la convocation écrite avec
l'accord de chaque Gérant donné par écrit soit en original, soit par
téléfax ou par courriel muni d'une signature électronique (conforme aux
exigences de la loi luxembourgeoise). Une convocation spéciale ne sera
pas requise pour une réunion se tenant aux lieu et place prévus dans
une résolution préalablement prise par le Conseil.

Tout Gérant peut se faire représenter lors d’une réunion du
Conseil en désignant par écrit soit en original, soit par téléfax ou par
courriel muni d'une signature électronique (conforme aux exigences de
la loi luxembourgeoise), un autre Gérant comme son mandataire. Un
Gérant peut représenter un (1) ou plusieurs, mais non la totalité des
autres Gérants.

Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si la
majorité au moins de ses membres est présente et/ou représentée. Un
Gérant peut représenter plus d'un de ses collègues, à condition que
deux (2) Gérants au moins soient présents à la réunion ou y participent
par un moyen de communication qui est autorisé par les Statuts ou par
la Loi. Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des Gérants
présents et/ou représentés.

22


Au cas où lors d'une réunion, il existe une parité des votes pour
et contre une résolution, la voix du Président de la réunion sera
prépondérante.

Tout Gérant peut participer a la réunion du Conseil par
conférence téléphonique, vidéo conférence ou tout autre moyen de
communication similaire grâce auquel (i) tous les Gérants participant a
la réunion peuvent être identifiés, (ii) toute personne participant a la
réunion peut entendre les autres participants et leur parler, (iii) la
réunion est retransmise en direct et (iv) les Gérants peuvent
valablement délibérer. La participation a une réunion par un tel moyen
de communication équivaudra a une participation en personne a une
telle réunion. Une réunion du Conseil qui se tient par le biais de tels
moyens de communication sera considérée comme s’étant tenue au
Luxembourg.

Nonobstant les dispositions qui précédent, en cas d'urgence ou de
circonstances exceptionnelles le justifiant, une résolution du Conseil peut
également être prise par écrit. Une telle résolution écrite doit consister en
un seul ou plusieurs documents contenant les résolutions et signés,
manuellement ou électroniquement par une signature électronique
(conforme aux exigences de la loi luxembourgeoise) par chaque Gérant.
La date d'une telle résolution est la date de la dernière signature.

L'article 13 ne s'applique pas dans le cas où la Société est gérée
par un Gérant Unique.

Article 14 — Procès-verbaux de réunions du Conseil et
procès-verbaux des résolutions du Gérant Unique.

Les résolutions prises par le Gérant Unique sont inscrites dans
des procès-verbaux tenus au siège social de la Société.

Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil sont signés par le
Président ou un membre du Conseil qui en aura assumé la présidence
ou par tous les Gérants ayant assisté à la réunion. Les procès-verbaux
des résolutions prises par le Gérant Unique sont signés par le Gérant
Unique.

Les copies ou extraits de procès-verbaux destinés à servir en
justice ou ailleurs sont signés par le Président, deux (2) Gérants ou le
Gérant Unique (le cas échéant).

Article 15 — Pouvoirs du Conseil.

Le Conseil ou, le cas échéant, le Gérant Unique est investi des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour gérer les affaires de la Société et
autoriser et/ou exécuter ou faire exécuter tous les actes de disposition et
d’administration correspondant à l’objet social de la Société.

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi ou par
les Statuts à l'Assemblée Générale sont de la compétence du Conseil
ou, le cas échéant, du Gérant Unique.

Article 16 — Délégation de pouvoirs.

Le Conseil peut nommer un délégué à la gestion journalière,
Associé ou non, membre du Conseil ou non, qui aura les pleins pouvoirs
pour agir au nom de la Société pour tout ce qui concerne la gestion
journalière et les affaires de la Société.

23


Le Conseil peut nommer une personne, Associé ou non, Gérant
ou non, en qualité de représentant permanent de toute entité dans
laquelle la Société est nommée membre du conseil d’administration. Ce
représentant permanent agira de son propre chef, mais au nom et pour
le compte de la Société et engagera la Société en sa qualité de membre
du conseil d’administration d’une telle entité.

Le Conseil est aussi autorisé ä nommer une personne, Gérant ou
non, pour l'exécution de missions spécifiques à tous les niveaux de la
Société.

Article 17 — Signatures autorisées.

La Société est engagée en toutes circonstances vis-à-vis des
tiers par (i) la signature conjointe de deux (2) Gérants ou le cas échéant,
(ii) la signature du Gérant Unique.

La Société est également engagée par les signatures conjointes
de toutes personnes ou la signature individuelle de toute personne a qui
de tels pouvoirs de signature auront été délégués par le Conseil ou par
le Gérant Unique, mais ce, uniquement dans les limites des pouvoirs qui
leur auront été conférés. Dans les limites de la gestion journalière, la
Société sera engagée par la seule signature, selon le cas, de la
personne nommée à cet effet conformément au premier paragraphe de
l'article 16 ci-dessus.

Article 18 — Responsabilité du (des) Gérant(s).

Le(s) Gérant(s) ne contractent, en raison de leur position, aucune
obligation personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris
par eux au nom de la Société dans la mesure où ces engagements sont
conformes aux Statuts et a la Loi. l|s ne sont que des agents autorisés
et ne sont donc simplement responsables que de l’exécution de leur
mandat.

Article 19 — Commissaire(s).

Si le nombre d’Associés dépasse soixante (60), les opérations de
la Société seront surveillées par un (1) ou plusieurs commissaire(s) ou,
dans les cas prévus parla loi, par un réviseur d'entreprises agréé.

Les Associés nomment le(s) commissaire(s), s’il y a lieu, et le
réviseur d’entreprises agréé, s’il y a lieu, et déterminent leur nombre,
leur rémunération et la durée de leur fonction. Le(s) commissaire(s) et le
réviseur d’entreprises agréé sont rééligibles.

Article 20 — Exercice social.

L'exercice social de la Société commence le premier (1er) janvier
et se termine le trente et un (31) décembre de chaque année.

Article 21 — Comptes annuels.

Chaque année, a la fin de l'année sociale, le Conseil ou, le cas
échéant, le Gérant Unique dressera les comptes annuels de la Société
dans la forme requise parla loi.

Chaque Associé peut inspecter l’état comptable ci-dessus et les
comptes annuels au siège social de la Société.

Article 22 — Affectation des bénéfices.

24


ll est prélevé sur le bénéfice net annuel de la Société cinq pour
cent (5%) qui sont affectés à la réserve requise par la loi. Ce
prélèvement cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque la réserve légale aura
atteint dix pour cent (10%) du capital social souscrit de la Société tel qu'il
est fixé ou tel que celui-ci aura été augmenté ou réduit de temps a autre,
conformément à l'article 6 ci-dessus, et deviendra a nouveau obligatoire
si la réserve légale descend en dessous de ce seuil d’un dixième (1/10).

L'Assemblée Générale annuelle décide de l'affectation du solde
restant du bénéfice net annuel et peut décider de payer des dividendes
de temps a autre, comme elle estime à sa discrétion convenir au mieux
à l'objet et a la politique de la Société et dans les limites de la Loi.

Sous réserve des dispositions de la Loi, des acomptes sur
dividendes peuvent être distribués à tout moment par le Conseil ou, le
cas échéant, le Gérant Unique.

Sous réserve des dispositions de la Loi et des présents Statuts,
toute Prime d’Emission, prime assimilée ou autre réserve distribuable
(telle que le CRSP) peut être librement distribuée aux Associés.

Article 23 — Dissolution.

La Société n’est pas dissoute du fait de la mort, de la suspension
des droits civils, de l’incapacité, de la faillite, de l’insolvabilité ou de tout
autre événement similaire affectant un (1) ou plusieurs Associés.

La Société peut être dissoute, a tout moment, par une résolution
de l'Assemblée Générale statuant selon les règles fixées parla Loi. En cas
de dissolution de la Société, il sera procédé à la liquidation par les soins
d'un (1) ou de plusieurs liquidateurs (qui peuvent être des personnes
physiques ou morales) nommés par l'Assemblée Générale décidant
cette liquidation. Cette Assemblée Générale déterminera également les
pouvoirs et la rémunération du ou des liquidateur(s).

Le boni de liquidation, après la réalisation des actifs et le
paiement des dettes, sera distribué aux Associés proportionnellement
aux Parts Sociales détenues par eux.

Article 24 — Droit applicable.

Toutes les questions qui ne sont pas régies expressément par
les présents Statuts seront tranchées conformément à la Loi et, sous
réserve des dispositions légales d’ordre public, a tout accord conclu de
temps a autre entre les Associés.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice social commence aujourd'hui et se termine
le 31 décembre 2018.

SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Les Statuts ayant ainsi été arrêtés, l’Associé Fondateur,
représenté tel que décrit ci-dessus, déclare qu'il souscrit à douze mille
(12.000) parts sociales représentant la totalité du capital social souscrit
de la Société.

Toutes ces parts sociales ont été entièrement libérées par
l'Associé Fondateur par un paiement en numéraire, de sorte que le
montant de douze mille Euro (EUR 12.000,-) payé par l’Associé

25


Fondateur est désormais a la libre disposition de la Société, ainsi qu'il a
été prouvé au notaire instrumentaire qui le constate expressément.

DECLARATION - ESTIMATION DES FRAIS

Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l'existence des
conditions énumérées aux articles 710-5 et 710-6 de la Loi et en
constate expressément l'accomplissement. Il confirme en outre que ces
Statuts sont conformes aux dispositions des articles 420-15 et 710-7 de la
Loi.

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombent a la Société en raison du présent acte,
sont estimés approximativement a la somme de mille quatre cents
Euros (EUR 1.400.-).

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’Associé Fondateur, représenté tel que décrit ci-dessus,
représentant l'intégralité du capital social souscrit de la Société, a pris
les résolutions suivantes:

(a) le nombre de gérants de la Société est fixé à quatre (4);

(b) les personnes suivantes sont nommées en tant que gérants
de la Société :

. Monsieur Davy BEAUCE, né le 30 décembre
1981 a Messancy, Belgique, avec adresse
professionnelle au 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg;

. Monsieur Christophe GAMMAL, né le 9 août 1967
à Uccle, Belgique, avec adresse professionnelle au
153-155, rue du Kiem, L-8030 Strassen, Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg;

. Monsieur Xavier DE CILLIA, né le 11 avril 1978 a
Nice, France, avec adresse professionnelle au 2,
avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg; et

. Monsieur Nicolas PONCELET, né le 16 juin 1979
à Arlon, Belgique, avec adresse professionnelle au 153-
155, rue du Kiem, L-8030 Strassen, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

(c) les membres du Conseil sont nommés pour une période
indéterminée; et

(d) l’adresse du siège social de la Société est fixée au 2, avenue
Charles de Gaulle, L- 1653, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, déclare
qu'a la requête du mandataire de la partie comparante, le présent acte a
été établi en anglais, suivi d'une version française. A la requête du
mandataire de cette même partie comparante et en cas de divergence
entre les versions anglaise et française, la version anglaise prévaudra.

Dont acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire de la partie comparante,
connu du notaire soussigné par son nom, prénom usuel, état civil et

26


demeure, ledit mandataire de la partie comparante a signé ensemble
avec le notaire soussigné |e present acte.

Signé: Imede El Moudden et Martine Schaeffer.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 2, |e 29 novembre 2018.
Relation : 2LAC/2018/25316

Reçu soixante-quinze euros (75.- €)

Le receveur/signé/André Muller

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

délivrée à Ia demande de la prédite société,

sur papier libre, aux fins de publication au RESA
Luxembourg, le 31 décembre 2018

27


