Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230588

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.400
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Combo Holdco SARL
Société à responsabilité limitée
Siège social: 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen L-1282 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE
du 18 décembre 2018 Numéro 2121/2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the eighteenth day of
December.

Before Maitre Marc Loesch, notary, residing in in Mondorf-les-Bains,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

There appeared the following:

Combo Topco SARL, a private limited liability company (société à
responsabilité limitée) governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, having its registered ofﬁce at 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-
1282 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and in the process of being
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies,

represented by Mr Frank Stolz-Page, with professional address in
Mondorf-les-Bains,

by virtue of a proxy under private seal given on December 18, 2018, such
proxy, signed by the proxyholder and the undersigned notary, will remain
annexed to the present deed.

The following articles of incorporation of a company have then been
drawn-up:

“CHAPTER I.- FORM, NAME, REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECT,
DURATION

Article 1. Form, Name

A société à responsabilité limitée (the “Company”) governed by the laws

of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law of 10 August 1915 on


commercial companies, as amended (the “Laws”) and by these articles of
association (the “Articles of Association”) is hereby established.

The Company may have one (l) single Shareholder (as deﬁned below),
owner of all the Shares (as deﬁned below), or several Shareholders, but not
more than one hundred (100) Shareholders.

The Company will exist under the name of “Combo Holdco SARL”.

Article 2. Registered Ofﬁce

The Company will have its registered ofﬁce in the City of Luxembourg.

The registered ofﬁce may be transferred to any other place within the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the Manager(s) (as deﬁned
below). The Manager(s) shall arrange that the Articles of Association are
amended to reﬂect such transfer.

Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the Manager(s).

In the event that, in the view of the Manager(s), extraordinary political,
economic or social developments occur or are imminent that would interfere
with the normal activities of the Company at its registered ofﬁce or with the
ease of communications with this ofﬁce or between this ofﬁce and persons
abroad, the Company may temporarily transfer the registered ofﬁce abroad,
until the complete cessation of these abnormal circumstances. These temporary
measures will have no effect on the nationality of the Company, which,
notwithstanding the temporary transfer of the registered ofﬁce, will remain a
company governed by the Laws. These temporary measures will be taken and
notiﬁed to any interested parties by the Manager(s).

Article 3. Object

The object of the Company is the acquisition, holding and disposal of
interests in Luxembourg and/or in foreign companies and undertakings, as well
as the administration, development and management of such interests.

The Company may provide loans and ﬁnancing in any other kind or
form, or grant guarantees or security in any other kind or form, for the beneﬁt
of the companies and undertakings forming part of the group of which the
Company is a member.

The Company may also invest in real estate, in intellectual property

rights or any other movable or immovable assets in any kind or form.


The Company may borrow in any kind or form and issue bonds, notes or
any other debt instruments as well as warrants or other share subscription
rights.

In a general fashion, the Company may carry out any commercial,
industrial or ﬁnancial operation, which it may deem useful in the
accomplishment and development of its object.

Article 4. Duration

The Company is formed for an unlimited duration.

CHAPTER II. CAPITAL= SHARES

Article 5. Share Capital

The share capital of the Company is set at twelve thousand euro (EUR
12,000.-) divided into twelve thousand (12,000) shares with a nominal value of
one euro (EUR l.-) each (any share in the Company, a “Share”), all of which
are fully paid up.

In addition to the share capital, a premium account may be established to
record any premium paid on any Share in addition to its nominal value. The
premium account shall constitute a distributable reserve and may notably be
used for the payment of the price for any Shares which the Company may
repurchase from its Shareholder(s), to offset any net realised losses, to make
distributions to the Shareholder(s) or to allocate funds to the legal reserve.

Distributable reserve accounts may be established to record contributions
to the Company made by existing Shareholders without issuance of Shares.
Any such reserve shall constitute a distributable reserve and may notably be
used to provide for the payment of the price of any Shares which the Company
may repurchase from its Shareholder(s), to offset any net realised losses, to
make distributions to the Shareholder(s) or to allocate funds to the legal
reserve.

Article 6. Increase and Reduction of Capital — Acquisition of own
Shares

 

The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced by a
resolution of the Shareholder(s) adopted in compliance with the quorum and
majority rules set for the amendment of the Articles of Association.

The Company may acquire Shares.

The Manager(s) may cancel the Shares acquired by the Company. They


shall arrange that the Articles of Association be amended to reﬂect that share
capital reduction.

Article 7. Shares

Each Share entitles to one (l) vote.

The Manager(s) may suspend the voting rights attached to all Shares held
by a Shareholder who is in breach towards the Company of his obligations as
speciﬁed in the Articles of Association or under any subscription or
commitment agreement.

A Shareholder may individually undertake not to exercise, permanently
or temporarily, all or part of its voting rights. Such a waiver binds the relevant
Shareholder and the Company as from its notiﬁcation to the Company.

The rights and obligations attached to all Shares shall be identical except
to the extent otherwise provided by the Articles of Association or by the Laws.

The co-owners of Shares must be represented towards the Company by
one (1) joint representative, whether appointed amongst them or not.

Article 8. Transfer of Shares

When the Company has a single Shareholder, the single Shareholder may
freely transfer any one or more of his Shares.

When the Company has more than one Shareholder, any one or more
Shares may be transferred freely between Shareholders. Shares may only be
transferred to one or more other persons than Shareholders with the
authorisation of Shareholders holding Shares representing three quarters (3/4)
of the Shares in issue.

If a Shareholder wishes to obtain an authorisation from the Shareholders
to transfer Shares to a person who is not a Shareholder, he shall notify the
Company of the intention to transfer such Shares in writing. The written notice
(the “Notice”) shall contain the number of Shares to be transferred and the
identity of the proposed transferee.

The Managers must, within ﬁfteen (15) calendar days of receipt of the
Notice by the Company, notify the Shareholders of the receipt of a Notice and
its content and consult the Shareholders for their consent to the proposed
transfer. In case the transfer is not authorised within ﬁfteen (15) calendar days

from the date where the Managers organised the consultation, the consent will

be deemed refused.


If at the end of the aforementioned periods, no consent to the intended
transfer is given, within a period of three (3) months from the date of refusal or
deemed refusal,

(i) the other Shareholders may acquire all (and not only some) of the
Shares or cause all (and not only some) of the Shares of the offeror Shareholder
to be acquired at a price determined in accordance with this article 8 without
prejudice to the right of the offeror Shareholder to withdraw his intention to
transfer his Shares at any time before completion of the transfer; or

(ii) the Company may, with the consent of the offeror Shareholder,
resolve to reduce its share capital by the amount of the nominal value of the
Shares intended for transfer and redeem these Shares at the price determined in
accordance with this article 8.

Upon request of the Manager(s), the aforementioned three (3) months’
period may be extended by the judge presiding the commercial chamber of the
district court where the Company has its registered office, sitting as in
summary proceedings. An extension may not exceed in aggregate six (6)
months as from the end of the original period of three (3) months.

If none of the options provided for in either paragraph (i) or (ii) above
has been implemented, and the offeror Shareholder has not withdrawn his
intention to transfer, then the offeror Shareholder may transfer the relevant
Shares as initially contemplated in the Notice.

The price for the Shares referred to in this article 8 shall be the fair value
of the Shares on the date of the Notice, determined in good faith by the
Manager(s). In the event of disagreement between the relevant parties as to the
transfer price of these Shares as determined by the Manager(s), this transfer
price shall be determined by the judge presiding in the commercial chamber of
the district court where the Company has its registered ofﬁce, sitting as in
summary proceedings.

Any transfer of Shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or by a
private written contract. A transfer is not binding towards the Company or third
parties unless the transfer is duly notiﬁed to the Company or accepted by the
Company, in accordance with the provisions of article 1690 of the Luxembourg
Civil Code.

Ownership of a Share carries implicit acceptance of the Articles of


Association and of the resolutions validly adopted by the Shareholders.
A transfer of Shares in breach of provisions of the Articles of Association

shall be null and void.

Article 9. Incapacity Death, Suspension of Civil Rights, Bankruptcy
or Insolvency of a Shareholder

The incapacity, death, suspension of civil rights, bankruptcy, insolvency,
liquidation, or any other similar event affecting one or more Shareholder(s)
does not put the Company into liquidation.

CHAPTER III. MANAGERS, AUDITORS

Article 10. Managers

The Company shall be managed by one or more managers who need not
be Shareholders themselves.

If two (2) managers are appointed, they shall jointly manage the
Company.

If more than two (2) managers are appointed, they shall form a board of
managers (the “Board of Managers”).

The Board of Managers and the managers, either individually or jointly,
are herein referred to as the “Manager(s)”.

Each Manager will be appointed by the Shareholder(s). The Shareholders
shall determine the number of Managers and the duration of their mandate.
Each Manager is eligible for re-appointment and may be removed at any time,
with or without cause, by a resolution of the Shareholder(s).

The Shareholder(s) may resolve to qualify the appointed Managers as
class A Manager (the “Class A Manager”) or class B Manager (the “Class B
Manager”).

Article 11. Powers of the Managers

The Managers are vested with the broadest powers to perform all acts
necessary or useful to accomplish the Company’s object.

All powers not expressly reserved by the Articles of Association or by the
Laws to the Shareholder(s) or to the Auditor(s) (as deﬁned below) shall be
within the competence of the Manager(s).

Article 12. Delegation of Powers - Representation of the Company

The Manager(s) may delegate the daily management of the Company and

the representation of the Company for that daily management to one or more


persons or committees of their choice.

The Manager(s) may also grant other special powers of attorney or
entrust permanent or temporary tasks to one or more persons or committees of
their choice. Such persons or committees shall exercise the tasks entrusted to
them under the supervision of the Managers.

The remuneration and other beneﬁts granted to the person(s) to whom the
daily management has been delegated must be reported annually by the
Manager(s) to the Shareholder(s).

The Company will be bound towards third parties by the individual
signature of the sole Manager or by the joint signatures of any two (2)
Managers if more than one Manager has been appointed.

However, if the Shareholder(s) have qualiﬁed the Managers as Class A
Manager(s) or as Class B Manager(s), the Company will only be bound
towards third parties by the joint signatures of one (1) Class A Manager and
one (1) Class B Manager.

The Company will further be bound towards third parties by the joint
signatures or single signature of any person(s) to whom the daily management
of the Company has been delegated, for that daily management, or by the joint
signatures or sole signature of any person(s) to whom any special power of
attorney has been granted, but only within the limits of that special power of
attorney.

Article 13. Meetings of the Board of Managers

In case a Board of Managers is formed, the following rules shall apply:

The Board of Managers may appoint from among its members a
chairperson (the “Chairperson”).

The Board of Managers will meet upon call by the Chairperson or by any
Manager in accordance with the provisions of this article 13.

The Chairperson will preside over all meetings of the Board of
Managers, except that in the absence of the Chairperson, the Board of
Managers may appoint another Manager as chairperson for the relevant
meeting by a majority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at
such meeting.

Except in case of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled to

attend, which consent shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting, at least


forty-eight (48) hours’ written notice of meetings of the Board of Managers
shall be given in writing and transmitted by any means of communication
allowing for the transmission of a written text. Any such notice shall specify
the time and the place of the meeting, as well as the agenda and the nature of
the business to be resolved upon. The notice may be waived by properly
documented consent of each Manager which consent shall be recorded in the
minutes of the meeting. No separate notice is required for meetings held at
times and places speciﬁed in a time schedule previously adopted by resolution
of the Board of Managers.

The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be held in Luxembourg or
at such other place as the Board of Managers may from time to time determine.

Any Manager may be represented at any meeting of the Board of
Managers by appointing in writing, transmitted by any means of
communication allowing for the transmission of a written text, another
Manager as his proxy. Any Manager may represent one or more Managers.

The quorum for a valid meeting of the Board of Managers shall be the
presence or the representation of at least half (1/2) of the Managers, provided
that in the event that the Managers have been qualiﬁed as Class A Manager(s)
or Class B Manager(s), the quorum shall only be met if at least one (1) Class A
Manager and one (1) Class B Manager are present or represented.

Resolutions of the Board of Managers in a meeting will be taken by a
majority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at such meeting.
The Chairperson shall have no casting vote in case of a tie.

Managers may participate in a meeting by conference call,
videoconference or any other similar means of communication enabling thus
several persons participating therein to simultaneously communicate with each
other on a continuous basis. A meeting held using such means of
communication is deemed to have taken place at the Company’s registered
office.

A written resolution, signed by all the Managers and transmitted by any
means of communication allowing for the transmission of a written text, is
proper and valid as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board of
Managers which was duly convened and held. Such a resolution may be

documented in a single document or in several separate documents having the


same content and each of them signed by one or several Managers. A written
resolution passed in this way is deemed to have been taken at the Company’s
registered ofﬁce.

Article 14. Resolutions of the Managers

The resolutions of the Manager(s) shall be recorded in writing.

The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Managers will be signed by
the Chairperson or the chairperson of the meeting or by any two (2) Managers.

Copies or extracts of written resolutions or minutes, to be produced in
judicial proceedings or otherwise, may be signed by the sole Manager or by
any two (2) Managers acting jointly if more than one Manager has been
appointed.

Article 15. Management Fees and Expenses

Subject to approval by the Shareholder(s), Managers may receive a
management fee for their management of the Company and may, in addition,
be reimbursed for all other expenses whatsoever incurred by the relevant
Manager in relation to the management of the Company.

Article 16. Conﬂicts of Interest

If any Manager has or may have a direct or indirect ﬁnancial interest in
any transaction which requires the approval of the Manager(s), that Manager
shall disclose that interest to the other Managers and shall not take part of any
deliberation or vote on any such transaction.

Such transaction and such Manager's interest shall be disclosed in a
special report to the Shareholder(s) at the next General Meeting before any
resolution is passed.

In case of a sole Manager, record is kept in writing of the transactions
where the sole Manager has such direct or indirect ﬁnancial interest.

Where, due to a conﬂict of interests, the number of Managers required to
be present or represented for a valid quorum is not reached, the Managers may
defer the decision to the Shareholders.

The foregoing paragraphs do not apply if the relevant transaction falls
within the ordinary course of business of the Company and is entered into at
arm’s length under market conditions.

No transaction between the Company and any other party shall be

affected or invalidated by the mere fact that a Manager (or any one of its


directors, managers, ofﬁcers or employees) is a director, manager, associate,
member, shareholder, ofﬁcer or employee of that other party. Any person
related as described above to any company or ﬁrm with which the Company
shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall not, by reason of such
affiliation, be automatically prevented from considering, voting or acting upon
any matters with respect to such contract or other business.

Article 17. Managers’ Liability

No Manager commits himself, by reason of his functions, to any personal
obligation in relation to liabilities of the Company.

The Company may indemnify any Manager (or any one of its directors,
managers, officers or employees) against damages and expenses reasonably
incurred by him in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which he
may be made a party by reason of his being or having been Manager (or
director, manager, officer or employee of a Manager).

Article 18. Conﬁdentiality

Even after cessation of their mandate or function, any Manager, as well
as any person who is invited to attend a meeting of the Board of Managers,
shall not disclose information on the Company, the disclosure of which may
have adverse consequences for the Company, unless such divulgation is
required (i) by a legal or regulatory provision applicable to sociétés à
responsabilité limitée or (ii) for the public beneﬁt.

Article 19. Auditors

The auditing of the Company may be entrusted to one or several auditors
(commissaires) (the “Auditors”).

Auditors must be appointed in case the Company has more than sixty
(60) Shareholders.

When so required by the Laws, the auditing of the Company must be
entrusted to one or several approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises
agréés) (“Réviseurs”). When a Réviseur is appointed, no Auditor needs to be
appointed.

The Auditors or Réviseurs, if any, will be appointed by the
Shareholder(s), who will determine the number of Auditors or Réviseurs and
the duration of their mandate. Each of them is eligible for re-appointment.

Unless otherwise provided by the Laws, they may be removed at any time,

10


with or without cause, by a resolution of the Shareholder(s).

CHAPTER IV. SHAREHOLDERS

Article 20. Powers of the Shareholdergs)

The shareholder(s) of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”) shall have
such powers as are vested in them pursuant to the Articles of Association and
the Laws.

Resolutions of the Shareholders are taken in a general meeting of
Shareholders (the “General Meeting”).

Except for the amendments to the Articles of Association, if the
Company has no more than sixty (60) Shareholders, resolutions of the
Shareholders may be passed in writing in accordance with article 26.

Article 21. Annual General Meeting

An annual General Meeting must be held annually once the Company has
more than sixty (60) Shareholders. This General Meeting will be held within
six (6) months of the end of the preceding ﬁnancial year.

Article 22. Other General Meetings

General Meetings, including the annual General Meeting, will be held at
the registered ofﬁce of the Company or at such other place in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg, and may be held abroad if, in the judgement of the
Manager(s), circumstances of force majeure so require.

Article 23. Notice of General Meetings

The Shareholders shall meet in a General Meeting upon issuance of a
convening notice in accordance with the Articles of Association or the Laws,
by the Manager(s), or by Shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the
share capital.

The written convening notice will specify the time and the place of the
General Meeting as well as the agenda and the nature of the business to be
resolved upon at the relevant General Meeting. The agenda for a General
Meeting shall also describe any proposed changes to the Articles of Association
and, if applicable, set out the text of those changes affecting the object or form
of the Company.

If all Shareholders are present or represented at a General Meeting, the
General Meeting may be held without prior convening notice if each of the

Shareholders states that he has been duly informed of the agenda of the

11


General Meeting and waives the convening formalities which shall be recorded
in the minutes of that General Meeting.

Article 24. Attendance - Representation

Each Shareholder is entitled to attend and speak at any General Meeting.

A Shareholder may be represented at any General Meeting by another
person (who does not need to be a Shareholder) appointed in writing
(transmitted by any means of communication allowing for the transmission of a
written text) as a proxyholder by the Shareholder. A proxyholder may represent
more than one (1) Shareholder.

One or more Shareholders may participate in a General Meeting by
conference call, videoconference or any other similar means of communication
enabling several persons participating therein to simultaneously communicate
with each other on a continuous basis, but only to the extent that at least one
(1) Shareholder or his proxyholder is physically present at the registered ofﬁce
of the Company. A General Meeting held in this way is deemed to have taken
place at the Company’s registered ofﬁce.

Article 25. Proceedings

Any General Meeting shall be presided over by the Chairperson or, in the
absence of the Chairperson, by a person designated by the Manager(s) or, in the
absence of such designation, by a resolution of the General Meeting.

The chairperson of the General Meeting shall appoint a secretary.

By resolution of the General Meeting one (1) scrutineer shall be
appointed from the persons attending the General Meeting.

The chairperson, the secretary and the scrutineer together form the board
of the relevant General Meeting.

Article 26. Voting at General Meetings

An attendance list indicating the name of each Shareholder and the
number of Shares for which he votes is signed by or on behalf of each
Shareholder present or represented by proxy, prior to the start of the General
Meeting.

Voting takes place by a show of hands or by a roll call, unless a
resolution in that General Meeting is passed to adopt another voting procedure
for that General Meeting or for a speciﬁc subject in that General Meeting.

A Shareholder who is not present or represented in a General Meeting

12


can cast his vote in that General Meeting by means of a ballot paper
(formulaire). A ballot paper shall be delivered by any means of communication
allowing for the transmission of a written text.

A ballot paper must contain all of the following:

— name and address of the registered ofﬁce and/or residence of the

relevant Shareholder;

— total number of Shares held by the relevant Shareholder and, if
applicable, total number of Shares of each class held by the relevant
Shareholder in the issued share capital of the Company;

— agenda of the General Meeting;

— conﬁrmation with respect to each of the proposed resolutions, of
the number of Shares for which the relevant Shareholder is abstaining, voting
in favour of or voting against such proposed resolution; and

— name, title and signature of the duly authorised representative of
the relevant Shareholder and the date of the ballot paper.

A ballot paper must be received by the Company no later than ﬁve (5)
pm. (Luxembourg time) on the day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on
which banks are generally open for business in Luxembourg immediately
preceding the day of the General Meeting. A ballot paper which does not
contain the details speciﬁed in the preceding paragraph or which is received by
the Company after the aforementioned deadline shall be void and disregarded
for quorum purposes.

A ballot paper shall be deemed to have been received by the Company:

(a) when delivered by hand with acknowledgment of receipt, by
registered post or by special courier service using an internationally recognised
courier company: at the time of delivery to the Company; or

(b) when sent by email, by fax or by mail with acknowledgement of
receipt at the time of receipt indicated in the acknowledgement of receipt.

Resolutions the adoption of which is not subject to the quorum and the
majority requirements for an amendment of the Articles of Association, shall be
adopted by Shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the share capital.
If such majority is not reached at the ﬁrst meeting or consultation in writing,

the Shareholders shall be convened or consulted a second time and resolutions

l3


shall be adopted, irrespective of the number of Shares represented, by a simple
maj ority of votes cast.

For resolutions the adoption of which is subject to the quorum and
majority requirements for an amendment of the Articles of Association shall be
adopted by a vote in favour of Shareholders holding Shares representing three
quarters (3/4) of the share capital.

Article 27. Minutes and written resolutions

The minutes of a General Meeting shall be signed by the members of the
board of that General Meeting and may be signed by or on behalf of any
Shareholders, who so request.

The resolutions adopted by the single Shareholder shall be documented
in writing and signed by the single Shareholder.

Written resolutions may be documented in a single document or in
several separate documents having the same content and each of them signed
by one or several Shareholders. A written vote is cast by returning it to the
Company through any means of communication allowing for the transmission
of a written text within ﬁfteen (15) calendar days after the day on which the
Manager(s) has sent the text of the proposed resolutions to the Shareholders.
Votes cast more than (15) calendar days after the day on which the Manager(s)
has sent the text shall not be valid. The quorum and majority requirements
applicable to the adoption of resolutions by the General Meeting shall mutatis
mutandis apply to the adoption of written resolutions. Unless otherwise
provided for in the text of the resolutions, resolutions shall be adopted as soon
as the applicable quorum and majority requirements are satisﬁed.

Copies or extracts of any resolutions adopted by the Shareholder(s) as
well as of the minutes of any General Meeting must be signed by the sole
Manager or by any two (2) Managers acting jointly if more than one Manager
has been appointed.

CHAPTER V. FINANCIAL YEAR, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS

Article 28. Financial Year

The Company's ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst day of January and ends

on the last day of December of each calendar year.

Article 29. Adoption of Financial Statements

14


After the end of each ﬁnancial year, the Manager(s) draw up the annual
ﬁnancial statements of the Company in accordance with the Laws.

The annual statutory and/or consolidated ﬁnancial statements are
submitted to the Shareholder(s) for approval.

Each Shareholder or his representative may also peruse the ﬁnancial
statements of the Company at the registered office of the Company.

Article 30. Distribution of Proﬁts

From the annual net proﬁts of the Company, at least ﬁve per cent (5%)
shall each year be allocated to the reserve required by Laws (the “Legal
Reserve”). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as
soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the
amount of the share capital of the Company.

The Shareholder(s) shall resolve how the remainder of the annual net
proﬁts after allocation to the Legal Reserve in accordance with the previous
paragraph, will be disposed of by allocating the whole or part of the remainder
to a reserve or to a provision, by carrying it forward to the next following
ﬁnancial year or by distributing it, together with carried forward proﬁts,
distributable reserves or share premium to the Shareholder(s), each Share
entitling to the same proportion in such distributions.

Subject to the provisions of the Laws and in compliance with the
provisions in the previous two paragraphs, the Manager(s) may resolve that the
Company pays out an interim dividend to the Shareholders. The Manager(s)
shall set the amount and the date of payment of the interim dividend.

CHAPTER VI. DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

Article 31. Dissolution, Lig uidation
The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the Shareholder(s)

adopted by half of the Shareholders holding Shares representing three quarters
(3/4) of the share capital.

Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried out by
the Manager(s) or such other person(s) (who may be physical persons or legal
entities) appointed by the Shareholder(s). The Shareholders shall also
determine the powers and the compensation (if any) of those other person(s).

After settlement of all the debts and liabilities of the Company, including

the expenses of liquidation, the net liquidation proceeds shall be distributed to

15


the Shareholder(s) in compliance with the same preference as set out for
dividend distributions.

In case the Company has only one (1) Shareholder, it may also be
dissolved without liquidation in accordance with article 1865bis of the

Luxembourg Civil Code.

CHAPTER VII. APPLICABLE LAW

Article 32. Applicable Law

All matters not governed by the Articles of Association shall be
determined in accordance with the Laws.”

Subscription and Payment

The Articles of Incorporation of the Company having thus been recorded
by the notary, the Company’s shares have been subscribed and the nominal
value of these shares has been one hundred per cent (100%) paid in cash as

follows:

Subscribed Amount paid-
Shareholder Number of shares
capital in

Combo Topco
EUR 12,000. - 12,000 EUR 12 00.0 -
ARL
001012.000- 12,000 EUR 12000.

The amount of twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000.- ) was thus as from

 

that moment at the disposal of the Company, evidence thereof having been
submitted to the undersigned notary who states that the conditions provided for
in article 710-6 and article 710-7 sub-paragraph, paragraph (1) of the law of 10
August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, have been observed.
Expenses
The amount of the costs, expenses, fees and charges, of any kind
whatsoever, which are due from the Company or charged to it as a result of its

incorporation are estimated at approximately one thousand ﬁve hundred euro

(EUR 1,500.-).

Transitog Provision
The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year of the Company will begin on the date of

formation of the Company and will end on the last day of December of 2019.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF

16


SHAREHOLDERS

First Resolution

The general meeting of shareholders resolved to establish the registered
office at 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen L-1282 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

Second Resolution

The general meeting of shareholders resolved to set at two (2) the
number of managers and further resolved to appoint the following for an
unlimited duration:

— Mrs Nadia Dziwinski, born on 11 May 1971 in Rocourt
(Belgium), with professional address at 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen L-1282
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg; and

— Mr Francois Champon, born on 3 November 1981 in Arlon
(Belgium), with professional address at 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen L-1282
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary who knows and speaks English, stated that on
request of the appearing person, the present deed has been worded in English
followed by a French version; on request of the same person and in case of
divergences between the English and the French texts, the English text will
prevail.

Whereupon the present deed was drawn up in Mondorf—les—Bains, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, at the ofﬁce of the undersigned notary, on the day
referred to at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
person, known to the undersigned notary by his surname, ﬁrst name, civil
status and residence, such proxyholder signed together with the undersigned

notary, this original deed.
SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRAN AISE DU TEXTE UI

PRÉCÈDE :

L'an deux mille dix-huit, 1e dix-huitieme jour du mois de décembre.

Par devant Maitre Marc Loesch, notaire de residence à Mondorf-les-
Bains, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A comparu:

Combo Topco SARL, une société à responsabilité limitée régie par les

17


lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, ayant son siège social 1, rue Hildegard
von Bingen, L-1282 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et en cours
d’immatriculation auprès du Registre de Commerce et des de Luxembourg,

représentée par Monsieur Frank Stolz-Page, avec adresse professionnelle
à Mondorf-les-Bains,

en vertu d’une procuration sous seing privé donnée le 18 décembre 2018,
laquelle procuration, signée par le mandataire et le notaire soussigné, restera
annexée au présent acte.

Les statuts qui suivent ont ainsi été rédigés :

« CHAPITRE I. FORME, DÉNOMINATION, SIÈGE, OBJET,
DURÉE

Article 1. Forme= Dénomination

Une société à responsabilité limitée (la << Société ») régie par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en particulier la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant
les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (les << Lois >>), et par ces statuts
(les << Statuts >>) est formée par les présentes.

La Société peut comporter un (1) Associé (tel que déﬁni ci-dessous)
unique, propriétaire de la totalité des Parts Sociales (telles que déﬁnies ci-
dessous), ou plusieurs Associés, mais pas plus de cent (100) Associés.

La Société adopte la dénomination << Combo Holdco SARL >>.

Article 2. Siège Social

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg.

Le siège social peut être transféré à tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg par une résolution des Gérants (tels que déﬁnis ci-dessous). Les
Gérants veilleront à ce que les Statuts soient modiﬁés de manière à reﬂéter un
tel transfert.

Des succursales ou d’autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg ou à l’étranger par une résolution des Gérants.

Dans l’hypothèse où les Gérants estiment que des événements
extraordinaires d’ordre politique, économique ou social sont de nature à
compromettre l’activité normale de la Société à son siège social ou la
communication aisée avec ce siège ou entre ce siège et l’étranger ou que de tels
événements se sont produits ou sont imminents, la Société pourra transférer

provisoirement le siège social à l’étranger jusqu’à cessation complète de ces

18


circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n’auront aucun effet sur la
nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du siège,
demeurera régie par les Lois. Ces mesures provisoires seront prises et portées à
la connaissance de tout intéressé par les Gérants.

Article 3. Objet

La Société a pour objet l’acquisition, la détention et la cession de
participations dans toute société et entreprise luxembourgeoise et/ou étrangère,
ainsi que l’administration, la gestion et la mise en valeur de ces participations.

La Société peut fournir des prêts et ﬁnancements sous quelque forme que
ce soit ou consentir des garanties ou sûretés sous quelque forme que ce soit, au
proﬁt de sociétés et d’entreprises faisant partie du groupe de sociétés dont la
Société fait partie.

La Société peut également investir dans l’immobilier, les droits de
propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre actif mobilier ou immobilier sous quelque
forme que ce soit.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit et procéder à
l’émission d’obligations, de billets à ordre ou tout autre instrument de dettes
ainsi que des bons de souscription ou tout autre droit de souscription de parts
sociales.

D’une façon générale, la Société peut effectuer toute opération
commerciale, industrielle ou ﬁnancière qu’elle estime utile à
l’accomplissement et au développement de son objet.

Article 4. Durée

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

CHAPITRE II. CAPITAL, PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5. Capital Social

Le capital social de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille euros (EUR 12.000,-)
divisé en douze mille (12.000) parts sociales ayant une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR l,-) chacune (toute part sociale dans la Société, une << Part
Sociale >>), celles-ci étant entièrement libérées.

En plus du capital social, un compte prime d'émission peut être établi sur
lequel seront transférées toutes les primes d’émission payées sur les Parts
Sociales en plus de la valeur nominale. Le compte prime d’émission constitue

une réserve distribuable et peut être utilisé notamment pour régler le prix des

19


Parts Sociales que la Société a rachetées à ses Associés, pour compenser toute
perte nette réalisée, pour procéder à des distributions aux Associés ou pour
affecter des fonds à la réserve légale.

Les comptes prime d’émission peuvent être créés pour enregistrer les
apports contribués àla Société par les Associés existants sans émission de Parts
Sociales. Les comptes prime d’émission constituent une réserve distribuable et
peuvent être utilisés notamment pour payer les Parts Sociales que la Société
pourrait racheter de ses Associés, pour compenser les pertes nettes réalisées,
pour procéder à des distributions aux Associés ou pour affecter des fonds à la
réserve légale.

Article 6. Augmentation et Réduction du Capital Social — Acquisition
de Parts Sociales

Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
résolution des Associés adoptée aux conditions de quorum et de majorité
exigées pour toute modification des Statuts.

La Société peut acquérir des Parts Sociales.

Les Gérants peuvent annuler les Parts Sociales acquises par la Société. Ils
veilleront à ce que les Statuts soient modiﬁés de manière à reﬂéter la réduction
du capital social.

Article 7. Parts Sociales

Chaque Part Sociale donne droit à une (1) voix.

Les Gérants peuvent suspendre les droits de vote attachés à toutes les
Parts Sociales détenues par un Associé qui est en violation des obligations lui
incombant envers la Société en vertu des Statuts ou en vertu de toute
convention de souscription ou d’engagement.

Un Associé peut individuellement décider de ne pas exercer, de manière
temporaire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote. Une telle
renonciation lie l’Associé concerné et la Société à compter de sa notification à
la Société.

Les droits et obligations inhérents à toutes les Parts Sociales sont
identiques, sauf stipulation contraire des Statuts ou des Lois.

Les copropriétaires de Parts Sociales sont tenus de se faire représenter
auprès de la Société par un (1) représentant commun désigné ou non parmi eux.

Article 8. Cession de Parts Sociales

20


Lorsque la Société ne compte qu’un seul Associé, celui-ci peut librement
céder ses Parts Sociales.

Lorsque la Société compte plus d’un Associé, une ou plusieurs Parts
Sociales sont librement cessibles entre les Associés. Les Parts Sociales ne
peuvent être cédées à une ou plusieurs personnes autres que des Associés
qu’avec l’autorisation des Associés détenant des Parts Sociales représentant au
moins trois quarts (3/4) des Parts Sociales en circulation.

Si un Associé désire obtenir l’autorisation des Associés de céder des Parts
Sociales à une personne qui n’est pas un Associé, il notiﬁe la société de
l’intention de céder de telles Parts Sociales par écrit. La notiﬁcation écrite (la
<< Notiﬁcation >>) devra indiquer le nombre de Parts Sociales à céder et
l’identité du cessionnaire proposé.

Les Gérants doivent, endéans quinze (15) jours calendaires à compter de
la réception de la Notiﬁcation par la Société, notiﬁer les Associés de la
réception de la Notiﬁcation ainsi que de son contenu et consulter les Associés à
propos de leur consentement à la cession proposée. Dans le cas où la cession
n’est pas autorisée endéans quinze (15) jours calendaires à compter de de la
date à laquelle les Gérants ont organisé la consultation, le consentement sera
présumé refusé.

Si à l’expiration des délais susmentionnés, le consentement à la cession
envisagée n’est pas donné, dans le délai de trois (3) mois à compter de la date
de ce reﬁls ou du reﬁls présumé,

(i) les autres Associés peuvent acquérir toutes (et non pas seulement
certaines) les Parts Sociales ou faire acquérir toutes (et non pas seulement
certaines) les Parts Sociales de l’Associé cédant au prix déterminé
conformément à cet article 8, sans préjudice du droit de l’Associé cédant de
renoncer à céder ses Parts Sociales à tout moment avant l’achèvement du
transfert ; ou

(ii) la Société peut, avec le consentement de l’Associé cédant,
décider de réduire son capital social du montant de la valeur nominale des Parts
Sociales destinées à la cession et racheter ces Parts Sociales au prix déterminé
conformément à cet article 8.

Sur requête des Gérants, le délai susmentionné de trois (3) mois peut être

prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement

21


siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé, du lieu du
siège social de la Société. La prolongation ne peut excéder au total six (6) mois
à compter de la ﬁn du délai initial de trois (3) mois.

Si aucune des solutions prévues dans les paragraphes (i) et (ii) n’a été
mise en œuvre, et que l’Associé cédant n’a pas renoncé à son projet de cession,
l’Associé cédant peut alors céder les Parts Sociales en question tel
qu’initialement envisagé dans la Notiﬁcation.

Le prix des Parts Sociales auquel on réfère dans cet article 8 sera la juste
valeur des Parts Sociales à la date de la Notiﬁcation, déterminée de bonne foi
par les Gérants. En cas de désaccord entre les parties prenantes concernant le
prix de cession de ces Parts Sociales tel que déterminé par les Gérants, ce prix
de cession sera déterminé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de
référé, du lieu du siège social de la Société.

Chaque cession de Parts Sociales doit être constatée par acte notarié ou
par acte sous seing privé. Une cession n’est opposable à la Société ou aux tiers
qu’après avoir été dûment notiﬁée à la Société ou acceptée par elle
conformément à l’article 1690 du code civil luxembourgeois.

La propriété d’une Part Sociale emporte de plein droit acceptation des
Statuts et des résolutions valablement adoptées par les Associés.

Une cession de Parts Sociales en violation des dispositions des Statuts
sera nulle.

Article 9. Incapacité= Décés= Suspension des Droits Civils, Faillite ou
Insolvabilité d’un Associé

L’incapacité, le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la faillite,
l’insolvabilité, la liquidation ou tout autre événement similaire affectant un ou
plusieurs Associés n’entraîne pas la mise en liquidation de la Société.

CHAPITRE III. GÉRANTS, COMMISSAIRES

Article 10. Gérants

La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants qui n’ont pas besoin
d’être Associés.

Si deux (2) gérants sont nommés, ils géreront conjointement la Société.

Si plus de deux (2) gérants sont nommés, ils formeront un collège de

gérance (le << Conseil de Gérance >>).

22


Le Conseil de Gérance et les gérants, individuellement ou conjointement,
sont désignés ci-après comme les << Gérants >>.

Chaque Gérant sera nommé par les Associés. Les Associés détermineront
le nombre de Gérants et la durée de leur mandat. Chaque Gérant peut être
renommé et peut être révoqué à tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une
résolution des Associés.

Les Associés pourront décider de qualiﬁer les gérants nommés de Gérant
de catégorie A (le << Gérant de Catégorie A >>) ou Gérant de catégorie B (le <<
Gérant de Catégorie B >>).

Article 11. Pouvoirs des Gérants

Les Gérants sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour accomplir
tous les actes nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l’objet social de la
Société.

Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés par les Statuts
ou par les Lois aux Associés ou aux Commissaire(s) (tel(s) que déﬁni(s) ci-
dessous) relèvent de la compétence du ou des Gérant(s).

Article 12. Délégation de Pouvoirs - Représentation de la Société

Les Gérants peuvent déléguer la gestion journalière de la Société ainsi
que la représentation de la Société en ce qui concerne cette gestion, à une ou
plusieurs personnes ou comités de leur choix.

Les Gérants peuvent aussi émettre d’autres mandats spéciaux, ou conﬁer
des tâches permanentes ou temporaires à une ou plusieurs personnes ou
comités de leur choix. De tels personnes ou comités exerceront les taches qui
leurs sont conﬁées sous la supervision des Gérants.

La rémunération et les autres avantages accordés aux personnes
auxquelles la gestion journalière de la Société a été conﬁée devront être
rapportés annuellement par les Gérants aux Associés.

La Société sera engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature individuelle
du Gérant unique ou par la signature conjointe de deux (2) Gérants si plus d’un
Gérant a été nommé.

Toutefois, si les Associés ont qualiﬁé les Gérants de Gérant(s) de
Catégorie A ou Gérant(s) de Catégorie B, la Société ne sera engagée vis-à—vis
des tiers que par la signature conjointe d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et d’un

(1) Gérant de Catégorie B.

23


La Société sera également engagée vis-à—vis des tiers par la signature
conjointe ou par la signature individuelle de toute(s) personne(s) à qui la
gestion journalière de la Société a été déléguée, pour cette gestion journalière,
ou par la signature conjointe ou par la signature individuelle de toute(s)
personne(s) à qui un mandat spécial aura été émis, mais seulement dans les
limites de ce mandat spécial.

Article 13. Réunions du Conseil de Gérance

Dans l’hypothèse où un Conseil de Gérance est formé, les règles
suivantes s’appliqueront :

Le Conseil de Gérance peut nommer parmi ses membres un président (le
<< Président >>).

Le Conseil de Gérance se réunira sur convocation du Président ou de tout
Gérant conformément aux dispositions de cet article 13.

Le Président présidera toutes les réunions du Conseil de Gérance, mais
en son absence, le Conseil de Gérance désignera un autre Gérant comme
président pour la réunion en question par un vote à la majorité des Gérants
présents ou représentés à cette réunion.

Sauf en cas d’urgence ou avec l’accord préalable de tous ceux qui ont le
droit d’y assister, dont il sera fait mention dans le procès-verbal de la réunion,
une convocation écrite devra être transmise, quarante-huit (48) heures au moins
avant la date prévue pour la réunion du Conseil de Gérance, par tout moyen de
communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit. La convocation
indiquera la date, l’heure et le lieu de la réunion ainsi que l’ordre du jour et la
nature des affaires à traiter. Il pourra être renoncé à cette convocation par un
accord correctement consigné de chaque Gérant, dont il sera fait mention dans
le procès-verbal de la réunion. Aucune convocation spéciale ne sera requise
pour les réunions se tenant à des dates et des lieux déterminés préalablement
par une résolution adoptée par le Conseil de Gérance.

Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance se tiendront à Luxembourg ou à tout
autre endroit que le Conseil de Gérance pourra déterminer de temps à autre.

Tout Gérant pourra se faire représenter aux réunions du Conseil de
Gérance en désignant par un écrit, transmis par tout moyen de communication
permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit, un autre Gérant comme son

mandataire. Tout Gérant pourra représenter un ou plusieurs Gérants.

24


Le Conseil de Gérance ne pourra délibérer que si au moins la moitié (1/2)
des Gérants en fonction est présente ou représentée, sous réserve que dans
l’hypothèse où des Gérants de Catégorie A ou des Gérants de Catégorie B ont
été désignés, le quorum ne sera atteint que si au moins un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B sont présents ou représentés.

Les résolutions du Conseil de Gérance sont prises à la majorité des voix
des Gérants présents ou représentés à cette réunion. Le Président n’aura pas de
vote prépondérant en cas d’égalité des votes.

Les Gérants peuvent prendre part à une réunion par conférence
téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire
permettant ainsi à plusieurs personnes y participant de communiquer
simultanément les unes avec les autres sur une base continue. Une réunion
tenue en utilisant de tels moyens de communication sera réputée être tenue au
siège social de la Société.

Une résolution écrite, signée par tous les Gérants, transmise par tout
moyen de communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit, est
régulière et valable de la même manière que si elle avait été adoptée à une
réunion du Conseil de Gérance dûment convoquée et tenue. Une telle
résolution pourra être consignée dans un seul ou plusieurs écrits séparés ayant
le même contenu et signés par un ou plusieurs Gérants. Une résolution écrite
adoptée d’une telle manière est réputée avoir été adoptée au siège social de la
Société.

Article 14. Résolutions des Gérants

Les résolutions des Gérants doivent être consignées par écrit.

Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil de Gérance seront signés par
le Président ou le président de la réunion ou par deux (2) Gérants.

Les copies ou les extraits des résolutions écrites ou les procès-verbaux,
destinés à être produits en justice ou ailleurs, pourront être signés par le Gérant
unique ou par deux Gérants agissant conjointement si plus d’un Gérant a été
nommé.

Article 15. Rémunération et Dépenses

Sous réserve de l’approbation des Associés, les Gérants peuvent recevoir
une rémunération pour leur gestion de la Société et peuvent, de plus, être

remboursés de toutes les dépenses que le Gérant concerné aurait exposées en

25


relation avec la gestion de la Société.

Article 16. Conﬂits d’Intérêt

Si un Gérant a ou pourrait avoir, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale direct
ou indirect dans une opération qui requière l’approbation des Gérants, ce
Gérant devra en aviser les autres Gérants et il ne pourra ni prendre part aux
délibérations ni émettre un vote sur une telle opération.

Une telle opération et un tel intérêt de Gérant seront divulgués dans un
rapport spécial aux Associés à la première Assemblée Générale avant que toute
autre résolution ne soit adoptée.

Dans l’hypothèse d’un Gérant unique, il est fait mention dans un procès-
verbal des opérations dans lesquelles le Gérant unique a un tel intérêt de nature
patrimoniale direct ou indirect.

Lorsque, en raison d’une opposition d’intérêts, le nombre de Gérants
présents ou représentés requis pour un quorum valable n’est pas atteint, les
Gérants peuvent déférer la résolution aux Associés.

Les dispositions des alinéas qui précèdent ne sont pas applicables lorsque
l’opération en question tombe dans le cadre des opérations courantes de la
Société et est conclue dans les conditions habituelles du marché.

Aucune opération entre la Société et toute autre partie ne sera affectée ou
invalidée par le simple fait qu'un Gérant (ou l’un de ses directeurs, gérants,
fondés de pouvoir ou employés) est directeur, gérant, collaborateur, membre,
associé, fondé de pouvoir ou employé de cette autre partie. Toute personne liée
tel que décrit ci-dessus à toute société ou ﬁrme avec laquelle la Société
contractera ou entrera autrement en relations d'affaires ne devra pas, en raison
de cette afﬁliation, être automatiquement empêchée de délibérer, de voter ou
d'agir autrement sur une opération relative à de tels contrats ou transactions.

Article 17. Responsabilité des Gérants

Les Gérants n'engagent pas leur responsabilité personnelle, dans
l'exercice de leurs fonctions, en raison des engagements de la Société.

La Société peut indemniser tout Gérant (ou l’un de ses directeurs,
gérants, fondés de pouvoir ou employés), pour tous dommages qu’il a à payer
et tous frais raisonnables encourus par suite de sa comparution en tant que
défendeur dans des actions en justice, des procès ou des poursuites judiciaires

intentés en raison de sa fonction actuelle ou ancienne de Gérant (ou de

26


directeur, gérant, fondé de pouvoir ou employé d’un Gérant).

Article 18. Conﬁdentialité

Même après la cessation de leur mandat ou fonction, tout Gérant, de
même que toute personne invitée à participer à une réunion des Gérants, ne
devra pas dévoiler des informations sur la Société dont la divulgation pourrait
avoir des conséquences défavorables pour celle-ci, à moins que cette révélation
ne soit exigée par (i) une disposition légale ou réglementaire applicable aux
sociétés à responsabilité limitée ou (ii) l’intérêt du public.

Article 19. Commissaires- Réviseurs d’entreprises agréés

La vériﬁcation des comptes de la Société peut être conﬁée à un ou
plusieurs commissaires (les << Commissaires >>).

Des Commissaires doivent être nommés si la Société compte plus de
soixante (60) Associés.

Dans les cas prévus par les Lois, la vériﬁcation des comptes de la Société
doit être conﬁée à un ou plusieurs réviseurs d’entreprises agréés (<< Réviseur
>>). Si un Réviseur est nommé, il n’est pas nécessaire qu’un Commissaire soit
nommé.

Le Commissaire ou Réviseur seront, le cas échéant, nommés par les
Associés qui détermineront le nombre de Commissaires ou de Réviseurs et la
durée de leur mandat. Le mandat de chacun d’entre eux peut être renouvelé.
Sauf disposition contraire des Lois, ils peuvent être révoqués à tout moment,
avec ou sans motif, par une résolution des Associés.

CHAPITRE IV. DES ASSOCIÉS

Article 20. Pouvoirs des Associés

Les associés de la Société (les << Associés >>) exercent les pouvoirs qui
leurs sont dévolus par les Statuts et les Lois.

Les résolutions des Associés sont adoptées lors d’une assemblée générale
des Associés (l’<< Assemblée Générale >>).

Sauf en ce qui concerne les modiﬁcations aux Statuts, si la Société n’a
pas plus de soixante (60) Associés, les résolutions des Associés peuvent être
adoptées par écrit conformément à l’article 26.

Article 21. Assemblée Générale Annuelle

Une Assemblée Générale annuelle doit être tenue annuellement une fois

que la Société a plus de soixante (60) Associés. Cette Assemblée Générale sera

27


tenue endéans six (6) mois de la ﬁn de l’exercice social précédent.

Article 22. Autres Assemblées Générales

Les Assemblées Générales, y compris l’Assemblée Générale annuelle, se
tiendront au siège social de la Société ou à tout autre endroit au Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg, et pourront se tenir à l’étranger, chaque fois que des
circonstances de force majeure, appréciées souverainement par les Gérants, le
requièrent.

Article 23. Convocation des Assemblées Générales

Les Associés se réuniront en Assemblée Générale, conformément aux
conditions ﬁxées par les Statuts ou les Lois, sur convocation des Gérants, ou
des Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social émis.

La convocation écrite indiquera la date, l’heure et le lieu de l’Assemblée
Générale ainsi que l’ordre du jour et la nature des affaires à traiter lors de
l’Assemblée Générale. L’ordre du jour d’une Assemblée Générale doit
également indiquer toutes les modiﬁcations proposées des Statuts et, le cas
échéant, le texte des modiﬁcations relatives à l’objet social ou à la forme de la
Société.

Si tous les Associés sont présents ou représentés à une Assemblée
Générale, l’Assemblée Générale peut être tenue sans convocation préalable si
chacun des Associés déclare avoir été dûment informé de l’ordre du jour de
l’Assemblée Générale et qu’il renonce aux formalités de convocation, ce dont
il sera fait mention dans le procès-verbal de l’Assemblée Générale.

Article 24. Présence - Représentation

Chaque Associé est en droit de participer et de prendre la parole à toute
Assemblée Générale.

Un Associé peut être représenté à toute Assemblée Générale par une autre
personne (qui n’ a pas besoin d’être elle-même Associé) désignée par écrit
(transmis par tout moyen de communication permettant la transmission d’un
texte écrit), en tant que mandataire par un Associé. Un mandataire peut
représenter plus d’un (1) Associé.

Un ou plusieurs Associés peuvent participer à une Assemblée Générale
par conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen similaire de
communication permettant à plusieurs personnes y participant de communiquer

de manière simultanée l’une avec l’autre sur de façon continue, mais

28


uniquement si au moins un (1) Associé ou son mandataire est physiquement
présent au siège social de la Société. Une Assemblée Générale tenue de cette
manière est réputée avoir été tenue au siège social de la Société.

Article 25. Procédure

Toute Assemblée Générale est présidée par le Président ou, en l’absence
du Président, par une personne désignée par les Gérants, ou, faute d’une telle
désignation, par une personne désignée par une résolution de cette Assemblée
Générale.

Le président de l’Assemblée Générale désigne un secrétaire.

Par résolution de l’Assemblée Générale, un (1) scrutateur sera désigné
parmi les personnes participant à l’Assemblée Générale.

Le président, le secrétaire et le scrutateur forment ensemble le bureau de
l’Assemblée Générale en question.

Article 26. Vote aux Assemblées Générales

Une liste de présence indiquant le nom de chaque Associé et le nombre
de Parts Sociales pour lesquelles il vote est signée par chacun d’entre eux ou
par leur mandataire avant l’ouverture des débats de l’Assemblée Générale.

Le vote se fait à main levée ou par un appel nominal sauf si l’Assemblée
Générale décide par une résolution d’adopter une autre procédure de vote pour
cette Assemblée Générale ou pour un sujet spécifique de cette Assemblée
Générale.

Un Associé qui n’est pas présent ou représenté à une Assemblée Générale
peut voter à cette Assemblée Générale au moyen d’un formulaire. Un
formulaire sera délivré par tout moyen de communication permettant la
transmission d’un texte écrit.

Un formulaire doit contenir les informations suivantes :
— nom et siège social et /ou résidence de l’Associé concerné ;

— nombre total des Parts Sociales détenues par l’Associé concerné
dans le capital social émis de la Société et, si nécessaire, le nombre de Parts

Sociales de chaque catégorie détenu par l’Associé concerné ;
— l’ordre du jour de l’Assemblée Générale ;

— indication par l’Associé concerné, pour chacune des résolutions

proposées, du nombre de Parts Sociales pour lesquelles l’Associé concerné

29


s’abstient, vote en faveur ou vote contre la résolution proposée; et

— nom, titre et signature du représentant dûment autorisé de
l’Associé concerné et la date du formulaire.

Tout formulaire devra être reçu par la Société au plus tard à dix-sept (17)
heures (heure de Luxembourg) le jour ouvrable à Luxembourg précédant
immédiatement le jour de l’Assemblée Générale. Tout formulaire qui ne
contient pas les informations spéciﬁées dans le paragraphe précédent ou qui est
reçu par la Société après la date limite susmentionnée ne sera pas pris en
compte pour le calcul du quorum.

Un formulaire sera considéré comme ayant été reçu par la Société :

(a) s’il a été remis en main propre contre décharge, par courrier
recommandé ou par service d’envois spéciaux utilisant une société postale
internationalement reconnue : à l’heure de la remise ; ou

(b) s’il a été délivré par e-mail, fax ou par courrier recommandé à
l’heure indiquée dans l’accusé de réception.

Les résolutions dont l’adoption n’est pas soumise aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité exigées pour toute modiﬁcation des Statuts, seront
adoptées par les Associés représentant plus de la moitié (l/2) du capital social.
Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte sur première convocation ou consultation par
écrit, les associés seront de nouveau convoqués ou consultés et les résolutions
seront adoptées à la majorité simple, indépendamment du nombre de Parts
Sociales représentées.

Pour les résolutions dont l’adoption est soumise aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité exigées pour toute modiﬁcation des Statuts, seront
adoptées par un vote favorable des Associés détenant des Parts Sociales
représentant trois quarts (3/4) du capital social.

Article 27. Procès—Verbaux et résolutions écrites

Les procès-verbaux d’une Assemblée Générale doivent être signés par les
membres du bureau de l’Assemblée Générale et peuvent être signés par tous les
Associés ou mandataires d’Associés qui en font la demande.

Les résolutions adoptées par l’Associé unique seront établies par écrit et
signées par l’Associé unique.

Les résolutions écrites peuvent être constatées dans un seul ou plusieurs

documents ayant le même contenu, signés par un ou plusieurs Associés. Un

30


vote est exprimé par écrit en le retournant à la Société par tout moyen de
communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit endéans quinze (15)
jours calendaires après le jour où les Gérants ont envoyé le texte de la
résolution proposée aux Associés. Les votes exprimés plus de quinze (15) jours
calendaires après le jour où les Gérants ont envoyé le texte ne sont pas valides.
Les exigences de quorum et de majorité imposées pour l’adoption de
résolutions par l’Assemblée Générale s’appliquent mutatis mutandis à
l’adoption de résolution écrites. Sauf disposition contraire dans le texte des
résolutions, les résolutions seront adoptées dès que les conditions de quorum et
de maj orités requises sont atteintes.

Les copies ou extraits de toutes les résolutions adoptées par les Associés,
ainsi que les procès-verbaux de toute Assemblée Générale sont signés par le
Gérant unique ou par deux (2) Gérants au moins agissant conjointement dès
lors que plus d’un Gérant aura été nommé.

CHAPITRE V. EXERCICE SOCIAL, COMPTES ANNUELS:
DISTRIBUTION DES BÉNÉFICES

Article 28. Exercice Social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour de janvier et
s’achève le dernier jour de décembre de chaque année.

Article 29. Approbation des Comptes Annuels

A la clôture de chaque exercice social, les Gérants préparent les comptes
annuels conformément aux Lois.

Les comptes annuels et/ou les comptes consolidés sont soumis aux
Associés pour approbation.

Chaque Associé ou son représentant peut consulter les comptes annuels
de la Société au siège social de la Société.

Article 30. Distribution des Bénéﬁces

Sur les bénéﬁces nets de la Société, il sera prélevé au moins cinq pour
cent (5%) qui seront affectés, chaque année, à la réserve légale (la << Réserve
Légale >>), conformément à aux Lois. Cette affectation à la Réserve Légale
cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque et aussi longtemps que la Réserve Légale
atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du montant du capital social de la Société.

Les Associés décideront de l'affectation du solde des bénéfices annuels

nets après affectation à la Réserve Légale conformément au paragraphe

31


précédent. Ils peuvent décider de verser la totalité ou une partie du solde à un
compte de réserve ou de provision, en le reportant à nouveau ou en le
distribuant avec les bénéﬁces reportés, les réserves distribuables ou les primes
d’émission, aux Associés, chaque Part Sociale donnant droit à une même
proportion dans ces distributions.

Sous réserve des dispositions ﬁxées par les Lois et conformément aux
dispositions des deux paragraphes qui précédent, les Gérants peuvent décider
du versement par la Société d'un acompte sur dividendes aux Associés. Les

Gérants détermineront le montant ainsi que la date de paiement de l’acompte

sur dividendes.

CHAPITRE VI. DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION
Article 31. Dissolution, Lig uidation

La Société peut être dissoute par une résolution prise par la moitié des
Associés possédant des Parts Sociales représentant trois quarts (3/4) du capital
social.

En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera réalisée par les
Gérants ou par toute autre personne (qui peut être une personne physique ou
une personne morale) nommée par les Associés. Les Associés détermineront
également leurs pouvoirs et leurs émoluments (s’il y en a).

Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, et de tous les
frais de liquidation, le boni net de liquidation sera réparti équitablement entre
le(s) Associé(s) de manière à atteindre le même résultat économique que celui
ﬁxé par les règles relatives à la distribution de dividendes.

Si la Société a un (1) seul Associé, elle peut également être dissoute sans

liquidation conformément à l’article 1865bis du Code civil luxembourgeois.

CHAPITRE VII. LOI APPLICABLE

Article 32. Loi Applicable

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les Statuts seront réglées
conformément aux Lois. >>

Souscription et Paiement

Les Statuts de la Société ont donc été enregistrés par le notaire, les parts
sociales de la Société ont été souscrites et la valeur nominale de ces parts

sociales a été payée à cent pour cent (100%) en espèces ainsi qu’il suit :

32


Nombre de parts
Associés Capital souscrit Montant libéré
sociales

Combo Topco
EUR 12.000,- 12.000 EUR 12.000,-
SARL

EUR 12.000,- 12.000 EUR 12.000,-

Le montant de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000‚-) est donc à ce moment à

 

la disposition de la Société, preuve en a été faite au notaire soussigné qui
constate que les conditions prévues par l’article 710-6 et l’article 710-7, alinéa
ler, paragraphe 1 de la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modiﬁée, ont été observées.

Frais

 

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges de toutes espèces qui

incombent àla Société en raison de sa constitution sont estimés à environ mille
cinq cents euros (EUR 1.500,-).

Disposition transitoire

Le premier exercice social de la Société commencera à la date de
constitution de la Société et s’achèvera le dernier jour de décembre de 2019.

ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE EXTRAORDINAIRE

Première Résolution

L’assemblée générale des associés a décidé d’établir le siège social à 1,
rue Hildegard von Bingen L-1282 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Deuxième Résolution

L’assemblée générale des associés a décidé de ﬁxer à deux (2) le nombre
des gérants et a décidé de plus de nommer les personnes suivantes pour une
période illimitée :

— Madame Nadia Dziwinski, née le 11 mai 1971 à Rocourt
(Belgique), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen
L-1282 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg; et

— Monsieur François Champon, né le 3 novembre 1981 à Arlon
(Belgique), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 1, rue Hildegard von Bingen
L-1282 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle la langue anglaise, déclare

par la présente qu’à la demande de la comparante ci-avant, le présent acte est

33


rédigé en langue anglaise, suivi d'une version française, et qu’à la demande de
la même comparante, et en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte
français, la version anglaise primera.

Dont acte

Fait et passé à Mondorf-les-Bains, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en
l’étude du notaire soussigné, àla date indiquée en tête des présentes.

Lecture du présent acte faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire de la
comparante, connue du notaire soussigné par ses nom, prénom usuel, état et
demeure, ledit mandataire a signé avec, le notaire soussigné, le présent acte.

(Signé) F. Stolz-Page, M. Loesch.

Enregistré à Grevenmacher Actes Civils, le 19 décembre 2018.

GAC/2018/103l7.

Reçu soixante-quinze euros.

75,00 €.

Le Receveur, signé G. SCHLINK

Pour expédition conforme,

Mondorf-les-Bains, le 2 janvier 2019.

34


