Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230552

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.604
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Makuria Luxembourg Ill SARL
Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 24, rue Beaumont, L-1219 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION D’UNE SOCIETE A Me C. Delvaux
RESPONSABILITE LIMITEE

DU 19 DECEMBRE 2018 No 11983

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the [nineteenth] day of the
month of December.

Before Maitre Cosita DELVAUX, notary, residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, there appeared

Makuria Master Fund Ltd, a company existing under the laws of the
Cayman lsland with registered office at PO box 309, Ugland House, Grand
Cayman, KY1-1104 and registered with the Registrar of the Companies of the
Cayman lslands under number MC-272344,

represented by Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société anonyme, acting through
Me Markus Waitschies and Me Huguette Ntsangha, with professional
address in Luxembourg, pursuant to a proxy given on 19 December 2018,
which shall be registered together with the present deed.

The appearing party, acting in the above stated capacity, has requested
the undersigned notary to draw up the articles of association of a limited liability
company (société à responsabilité Iimitée) “Makuria Luxembourg Ill SARL”
which is hereby established as follows:

Article 1. Denomination

A limited liability company (société à responsabilité Iimitée) with the name
“Makuria Luxembourg Ill SARL” (the "Company") is hereby formed by the
appearing parties and all persons who will become shareholders thereafter.
The Company will be governed by these articles of association (the “Articles”)
and the law of 10 August 1915 concerning commercial companies, as
amended (the “Law”). If the numbering of the articles within the Law is
subsequently changed reference to a given article of the Law in these Articles

shall be deemed by the new number.


Article 2. Object

The object of the Company is the holding of participations, in any form
whatsoever, in Luxembourg and foreign companies, or other business entities,
the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner as well as
the transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise of stock, bonds, debentures, notes
and other securities of any kind, and the ownership, administration,
development and management of its portfolio.

The Company may also hold interests in partnerships and carry out its
business through branches in Luxembourg or abroad.

The Company may borrow in any form and may proceed to the issue of
bonds, convertible or not, notes and debentures or any kind of debt or equity
securities and provide security in relation thereto. Where debt securities
convertible into equity are issued, such an issuance shall be made in
accordance with the Law.

In a general fashion it may grant assistance (by way of loans, advances,
guarantees or securities or otherwise) to companies or other enterprises in
which the Company has an interest or which form part of the group of
companies to which the Company belongs (including upstream or cross
stream), take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any
operation which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development
of its purposes.

Finally, the Company can perform all commercial, technical and financial
or other operations, connected directly or indirectly in all areas in order to
facilitate the accomplishment of its purpose.

Article 3. Duration

The Company is established for an unlimited period.

Article 4. Registered Office

The Company has its registered office in the City of Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within the same municipality or to
any other municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by means of a
resolution of an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders deliberating
in the manner provided for amendments to the Articles or by a resolution of the
board of managers in which case, to the extent permitted by the Law, the board

of managers shall have the power to amend the Articles accordingly.
2


The Company may have offices and branches, both in Luxembourg and
abroad.

In the event that the manager, or as the case may be the board of
managers, should determine that extraordinary political, economic or social
developments have occurred or are imminent that would interfere with the
normal activities of the Company at its registered office, or with the ease of
communication between such office and persons abroad, the registered office
may be temporarily transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these
abnormal circumstances; such temporary measures shall have no effect on
the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer
of its registered office, will remain a Luxembourg company. Such temporary
measures will be taken and notified to any interested parties by the manager
or as the case may be the board of managers.

Article 5. Share capital

The issued share capital of the Company is set at seventeen thousand
Dollars US (USD 17,000) divided into one million seven hundred thousand
(1,700,000) shares, represented by one million six hundred ninety nine
thousand, nine hundred ninety nine (1,699,999) Class A shares with a par
value of one cent Dollar US (USD 0.01) each (the “Class A Shares”) and one
(1) Class B share with a par value of one cent Dollar US (USD 0.01) (the
“Class B Share”, the Class A Shares and the Class B Share collectively being
referred to as the “Shares”).

In addition to its issued share capital, the Company has an authorised,
but unissued and unsubscribed share capital which is set as fifty thousand
Dollars US (USD 50,000) to be represented by five million (5,000,000) shares
with a par value of one cent Dollar US (USD 0.01) each, to be issued as any
of Class A Shares or Class B Shares. The issued Shares shall not be issued
to and be subscribed by any person other than an existing shareholder.

The issued share capital and the authorised share capital of the
Company may be increased or decreased by resolution of the shareholders
adopted in the forms and in accordance with the conditions laid down for
amending the Articles.

The board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable) is

authorised, during a period starting on the day of the publication of the minutes
3


of the general meeting of the shareholders creating the authorised share
capital in the Registre électronique de commerce et des sociétés and ending
on the fifth (5) anniversary thereof, without prejudice to any renewals, to
increase the issued share capital on one or more occasions in favour of the
existing shareholders and/or any third party having been accepted in
accordance with article 710-12 of the Law.

The board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable) is authorised
to determine the conditions of any capital increase including through
contributions in cash or in kind, by the incorporation of reserves, issue
premiums or retained earnings, with or without the issue of new shares, or
following the issue and the exercise of subordinated or non-subordinated
bonds, convertible into or repayable by or exchangeable for shares (whether
provided in the terms at issue or subsequently provided), or following the issue
of bonds with warrants or other rights to subscribe for shares attached, or
through the issue of standalone warrants or any other instrument carrying an
entitlement to, or the right to subscribe for, shares.

The board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable) is authorised
to set the subscription price, with or without issue premium, the date from
which the shares or other financial instruments will carry beneficial rights and,
if applicable, the duration, amortisation, other rights (including early
repayment), interest rates, conversion rates and exchange rates of the
aforesaid financial instruments as well as all the other conditions and terms of
such financial instruments including as to their subscription, issue and
payment.

When the board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable) has
implemented a complete or partial increase in capital as authorised by the
foregoing provisions, article 5 of the Articles shall be amended to reflect that
increase.

The board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable) is expressly
authorised to delegate to any natural or legal person to accept subscriptions,
conversions or exchanges, receive payment for the price of shares, bonds,
subscription rights or other financial instruments, to have registered increases
of capital carried out as well as the corresponding amendments to article 5 of

the Articles and to have recorded in said article 5 of the Articles the amount by
4


which the authorisation to increase the capital has actually been used and,
where appropriate, the amounts of any such increase that are reserved for
financial instruments which may carry an entitlement to shares.

The non-subscribed portion of the authorised capital may be drawn on by
the exercise of conversion or subscription rights already conferred by the
Company.

The Company can proceed to the repurchase of its own Shares by
decisions of the board of managers (or the sole manager, as applicable)
subject to the availability of funds determined by the board of managers on the
basis of relevant interim accounts.

Any available share premium shall be distributable.

Article 6. Transfer of Shares

Shares are freely transferable among shareholders. Except if othenNise
provided by law, the share transfer to non-shareholders is subject to the
consent of shareholders representing at least fifty percent of the Shares.

Article 7. Management of the Company

The Company is managed by one or several managers who need not be
shareholders.

They are appointed and removed from office by a simple majority
decision of the general meeting of shareholders, which determines their
powers and the term of their mandates. If no term is indicated the managers
are appointed for an undetermined period. The managers may be re-elected
but also their appointment may be revoked with or without cause (ad nutum)
at any time.

In the case of more than one manager, the managers constitute a board
of managers. Any manager may participate in any meeting of the board of
managers by conference call or by other similar means of communication
allowing all the persons taking part in the meeting to hear one another and to
communicate with one another. A meeting may also be held by conference call
only. The participation in, or the holding of, a meeting by these means is
equivalent to a participation in person at such meeting or the holding of a
meeting in person. Managers may be represented at meetings of the board by
another manager without limitation as to the number of proxies which a

manager may accept and vote.


Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be given to
the managers at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the date scheduled
for the meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature and
the motives of the emergency shall be mentioned in the notice, where
appropriate. This notice may be omitted in case of assent of each manager in
writing, by cable, telegram, telex, email or facsimile, or any other similar means
of communication. A special convening notice will not be required for a board
meeting to be held at a time and location determined in a prior resolution
adopted by the board of managers.

Decisions of the board of managers are validly taken by the approval of
the majority of the managers of the Company (including by way of
representation).

The board of managers may also, unanimously, pass resolutions on one
or several similar documents by circular means when expressing its approval
in writing, by cable or facsimile or any other similar means of communication.
The entirety will form the circular documents duly executed giving evidence of
the resolution. Managers' resolutions, including circular resolutions, may be
conclusively certified or an extract thereof may be issued under the individual
signature of any manager.

The general meeting may decide that in lieu of a board of managers, the
Company shall be managed by a sole manager in which case the sole
manager shall have all the powers of the board of managers as set forth herein
and all reference to the board of managers shall be deemed to refer to the sole
manager and the provisions applicable to the board of managers shall apply
mutatis mutandis to the sole manager.

Article 8. Management Powers, Binding signature

The sole manager or as the case may be the board of managers is vested
with the broadest powers to manage the business of the Company and to
authorise and/or perform all acts of disposal and administration falling within
the purposes of the Company. All powers not expressly reserved by the Law
or by the Articles to the general meeting shall be within the competence of the
sole manager or as the case may be the board of managers. Vis-a-vis third
parties the sole manager or as the case may be the board of managers has

the most extensive powers to act on behalf of the Company in all
6


circumstances and to do, authorise and approve all acts and operations
relative to the Company not reserved by the Law or the Articles to the general
meeting and as may be provided herein.

The day-to-day management of the business of the Company and the
power to represent the Company with respect thereto may be delegated to one
or more managers, officers or other agents (each a “Daily Manager”), acting
either alone or jointly.

A Daily Manager does not need to be a shareholder.

The appointment and removal, powers, duties and emoluments of the
Daily Manager(s) will be determined by the board of managers.

The sole manager or, if the Company has more than one manager, the
board of managers may delegate any of their powers for specific tasks to one
or more ad hoc agents and may remove any such agent(s) and will determine
any such agent’s powers and responsibilities and remuneration (if any), the
duration of the period of representation and any other relevant conditions of
such agent’s agency.

The Company is validly bound or represented towards third parties by:

- if the Company has a sole manager, the sole signature of the sole
manager;

- if the Company has more than one (1) manager, the joint signature of
any two managers;

- the sole signature of any person to whom such power has been
delegated in accordance with the delegation of powers regarding Daily
managers and ad hoc agents mentioned in the preceding paragraphs.

Article 9. Liability of Managers

The manager(s) is/are not held personally liable for the indebtedness of
the Company. As agent(s) of the Company, he/they is/are responsible for the
performance of their duties.

Subject to the exceptions and limitations listed below, every person who
is, or has been, a manager or officer of the Company shall be indemnified by
the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law against liability and against
all expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him in connection with any claim,
action, suit or proceeding in which he becomes involved as a party or othenNise

by virtue of his being or having been such manager or officer and against
7


amounts paid or incurred by him in the settlement thereof. The words "claim",
"action", "suit" or "proceeding" shall apply to all claims, actions, suits or
proceedings (civil, criminal or otherwise including appeals) actual or
threatened and the words "liability" and "expenses" shall include without
limitation attorneys' fees, costs, judgements, amounts paid in settlement and
other liabilities.

No indemnification shall be provided to any manager or officer:

(i) Against any liability to the Company or its shareholders by
reason of wilful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard
of the duties involved in the conduct of his office;

(ii) With respect to any matter as to which he shall have been finally
adjudicated to have acted in bad faith and not in the interest of the Company;
or

(iii) In the event of a settlement, unless the settlement has been
approved by a court of competent jurisdiction or by the board of managers.

The right of indemnification herein provided shall be severable, shall not
affect any other rights to which any manager or officer may now or hereafter
be entitled, shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be such manager
or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person. Nothing contained herein shall affect any
rights to indemnification to which corporate personnel, including managers and
officers, may be entitled by contract or otherwise under law.

Expenses in connection with the preparation and representation of a
defence of any claim, action, suit or proceeding of the character described in
this article shall be advanced by the Company prior to final disposition thereof
upon receipt of any undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or manager, to
repay such amount if it is ultimately determined that he is not entitled to
indemnification under this article.

The Daily Manager(s), the manager(s) as well as any person invited to
attend the meetings of the corporate bodies, shall be under a duty, even after
they have ceased to hold office, not to divulge any information which they have
concerning the Company, the disclosure of which might be prejudicial to the
Company’s interests, except where such disclosure is required or permitted by

a legal or regulatory provision applicable to société à responsabilité Iimiée or
8


is in the public interest.

Article 10. Shareholder voting rights

Each shareholder may take part in collective decisions. He has a number
of votes equal to the number of Shares he owns and may validly act at any
meeting of shareholders through a special proxy.

To the extent permitted by the Law, the board of managers may suspend
the right to vote to any shareholder which does not fulfil its obligations under
the Articles or any document stating its obligations towards the Company
and/or the other shareholders.

Article 11. Shareholder Meetings

Decisions by shareholders are passed in such form and at such
majority(ies) as prescribed by the Law in writing (to the extent permitted by the
Law) or at meetings. Any regularly constituted meeting of shareholders of the
Company or any valid written resolution (as the case may be) shall represent
the entire body of shareholders of the Company.

Meetings shall be called by convening notice addressed by registered
mail to shareholders to their address appearing in the register of shareholders
held by the Company at least eight (8) days prior to the date of the meeting. If
the entire share capital of the Company is represented at a meeting the
meeting may be held without prior notice.

In the case of written resolutions, the text of such resolutions shall be
sent to the shareholders at their addresses inscribed in the register of
shareholders held by the Company at least eight (8) days before the proposed
effective date of the resolutions. The resolutions shall become effective upon
the approval of the majority as provided for by the Law for collective decisions
(or subject to the satisfaction of the majority requirements, on the date set out
therein). Unanimous written resolution may be passed at any time without prior
noﬁce.

Except as otherwise provided by the Law, (i) decisions of the general
meeting shall be validly adopted if approved by shareholders representing
more than half of the corporate capital of the Company. If such majority is not
reached at the first general meeting or first written resolution, the shareholders
shall be convened or consulted a second time, by registered letter, and

decisions shall be adopted by a majority of the votes cast, regardless of the
9


portion of capital represented. However, (ii) any resolution concerning the
amendment of the Articles or the nationality of the Company are taken by the
shareholders representing at least three quarters of the issued share capital.

In case and for as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, an annual general meeting shall be held within the first six
months of each financial year.

Article 12. Accounting Year

The accounting year begins on 1St December of each year and ends on
the last day of the month of November of the following year save for the first
accounting year which shall commence on the day of incorporation and end
on 30 November 2019.

Article 13. Financial Statements

Every year as of the accounting year's end, the annual accounts are
drawn up by the manager or, as the case may be, the board of managers.

The financial statements are at the disposal of the shareholders at the
registered office of the Company.

Article 14. Distributions

Out of the net profit five percent (5%) shall be placed into a legal reserve
account. This deduction ceases to be compulsory when such reserve amounts
to ten percent (10%) of the issued share capital of the Company.

lnterim dividends may be distributed by the sole manager/or board of
managers at any time, in accordance with the following conditions:

(i) the Articles authorise the managers to do so;

(ii) interim accounts shall be drawn up showing that sufficient funds
are available for distribution; it being understood that the amount to be
distributed may not exceed, where applicable, realised profits since the end of
the last financial year, increased by carried forward profits, share premium and
distributable reserves, but decreased by carried forward losses and sums to
be allocated to a reserve to be established according to Luxembourg Company
Law or these Articles;

(iii) within two months of the date of the interim accounts, the sole
manager/ or board of managers must resolve to distribute the interim
dividends; and

(iv) the supervisory auditors (commissaires) or the statutory auditors
1O


(réviseurs d’entreprises agréés), if any, verifies that the above conditions have
been duly fulfilled.

The balance may be distributed to the shareholders upon decision of a
general meeting of shareholders.

The share premium account may be distributed to the shareholders upon
decision of a general meeting of shareholders or the board of managers (or
the sole manager, as applicable). The general meeting of shareholders may
decide to allocate any amount out of the share premium account to the legal
reserve account.

The Class B Share(s) shall give its/their holder(s) entitlements to the net profits
corresponding to any income and gains which are neither (i) interest revenues
and other economically equivalent revenues or (ii) income and gains derived
from assets satisfying conditions under article 166 of the Luxembourg law of 4
December 1967 on income tax, as amended.

The Class A Shares will give its/their holder(s) entitlements to all the remaining
net profits.

Article 15. Dissolution

In case the Company is dissolved, the liquidation will be carried out by
one or several liquidators who may be but do not need to be shareholders and
who are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders who will specify
their powers and remunerations.

Article 16. Sole Shareholder

If, and as long as one shareholder holds all the Shares of the Company,
the Company shall exist as a single shareholder company, pursuant to article
710-1 (2) of the Law; in this case, articles 710-28 and 710-29, among others,
of the Law are applicable.

Article 17. Applicable law

For anything not dealt with in the present Articles, the shareholders refer
to the relevant legislation.

The Articles having thus been drawn up by the appearing party, the
appearing party has subscribed and entirely paid-up the number of Shares set

out against its name:

11


Number of Shares

1,699,999 Class A USD 16,999.99
Makuria Master Fund Ltd Shares

1 Class B Shares USD 0 01

The Shares so subscribed are fully paid up in cash so that the amount of

 

seventeen thousand Dollars US (USD 17,000) is available to the Company.
Evidence of the payment of the subscription price has been shown to the

undersigned notary.
EXPENSES, VALUATION

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will
have to be borne by the Company as a result of its formation are estimated at

approximately 1,300 EUR.
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

The shareholder has forthwith taken immediately the following
resolutions:

1. The registered office of the Company is established at 24, rue
Beaumont, L-1219 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2. The following persons are appointed managers of the Company for an
undetermined period of time subject to the Articles:

- Andrew Black, born on 30 April 1969, in Mtarfa (Malta), professionally
residing at 24, rue Beaumont, L-11219 Luxembourg, Manager;

- Matthew Johnson, born on 20 October 1976, in Slough (United
Kingdom), professionally residing at 30 Charles H Street, London,
SW1Y4AE, Manager; and

- William Jones, born on 11 February 1963, in New York (United States
of America), professionally residing at 24, rue Beaumont, L-11219

Luxembourg, Manager.
SPECIAL DISPOSITION
The first accounting year shall begin on the date of incorporation and

shall terminate on 30 November 2019.

12


DECLARATION

The sole shareholder declares to accept, to be convened by courier
service, fax, ordinary letter and email and undertake to provide the Company
with an email address and its fax number as soon as possible. If a shareholder
does not communicate an email address and/or its fax number to the
Company, the convening notice will be sent to it by registered mail, ordinary
letter or by express courier.

WHEREOF the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg.

ln faith of which we, the undersigned notary, have set our hand and seal,
on the day named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the person appearing, who requested
that the deed should be documented in the English language, the said person
appearing signed the present original deed together with us, the Notary, having
personal knowledge of the English language.

The present deed, worded in English, is followed by a translation into French.
In case of divergences between the English and the French text, the English
version will prevail.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANÇAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRÉCÈDE

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvième jour du mois de décembre,

Par-devant Maître Cosita DELVAUX, notaire de résidence à
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

A comparu :

Makuria Master Fund Ltd, une société constituée en vertu des lois des
Îles Caïman ayant son siège social à PO box 309, Ugland House, Grand
Cayman, KY1-1104 et immatriculée au Registrar of the Companies des Îles
Caïman sous le numéro MC-272344, représentée par Elvinger Hoss Prussen,
société anonyme, agissant par Maître Markus Waitschies and Maître
Huguette Ntsangha, demeurant professionnellement à Luxembourg, en vertu
d’une procuration donnée le 19 décembre 2018, laquelle sera enregistrée avec
le présent acte.

La partie comparante, agissant ès-qualités, a requis le notaire soussigné
d’arrêter les statuts d’une société à responsabilité limitée « Makuria

Luxembourg Ill SARL » qui est constituée par les présentes comme suit :

13


Article 1. Dénomination

ll est formé par la/les partie(s) comparante(s) et toutes les personnes qui
deviendront par la suite associés, une société à responsabilité limitée sous la
dénomination de « Makuria Luxembourg Ill SARL » (la « Société »). La
Société sera régie par les présents statuts (les « Statuts ») et la loi modifiée
du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales (la « Loi »). Si la
numérotation des articles dans la Loi devait être changée ultérieurement, la
référence à cet article de la Loi dans les Statuts sera présumée être remplacée
par le nouveau numéro.

Article 2. Objet

La Société a pour objet la détention de participations, sous quelque forme
que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et étrangères ou autres
entités commerciales, l’acquisition par l’achat, la souscription, ou par tout autre
moyen, de même que le transfert par la vente, l’échange ou autrement
d’actions, d’obligations, de certificats de créance, de titres obligataires et
d’autres titres de quelque nature que ce soit, ainsi que la détention,
l’administration, le développement et la gestion de son portefeuille.

La Société peut également détenir des intérêts dans des sociétés de
personnes et exercer ses activités par l’intermédiaire de succursales
luxembourgeoises ou étrangères.

La Société peut emprunter sous toutes formes et procéder à l’émission
d’obligations, convertibles ou non, de toute nature ou de titres de capital ou de
créance et fournir les sécurités y relatives. Lorsque des titres de créance
convertibles en capital sont émis, cette émission sera faite conformément à la
Loi.

D’une manière générale, elle peut prêter assistance (par voie de prêts,
d’avances, de garanties ou de sûretés ou autrement) à des sociétés ou autres
entreprises dans lesquelles la Société a un intérêt ou qui font partie du groupe
de sociétés auquel appartient la Société (y compris en amont ou latéralement),
prendre des mesures de contrôle et de surveillance et effectuer toute opération
qu’elle pourrait juger utile à l’accomplissement et au développement de son
objet.

Enfin, la Société peut effectuer toute opération commerciale, technique,

financière ou autre, liée directement ou indirectement, dans tous les domaines,
14


afin de faciliter la réalisation de son objet.

Article 3. Durée

La Société est constituée pour une durée indéterminée.

Article 4. Siège social

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg. || peut étre transféré dans la même municipalité
ou en toute autre localité du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution
de l’assemblée générale extraordinaire des associés délibérant selon les
modalités prévues en cas de modification des Statuts ou par une résolution du
collège de gérance et dans la mesure permise par la Loi et, dans cette
hypothèse, le collège de gérance aura toute compétence pour modifier les
Statuts en conséquence.

La Société peut avoir des bureaux et des succursales, tant au
Luxembourg et qu’à l’étranger.

Dans le cas où le gérant ou, le cas échéant, le conseil de gérance
estimerait que des événements extraordinaires d’ordre politique, économique
ou social, de nature à compromettre les activités normale de la Société au
siège social ou la communication aisée de ce siège avec l’étranger, ont eu lieu
ou sont sur le point d’avoir lieu, le siège social peut être transféré
provisoirement à l’étranger, jusqu’à cessation complète de ces circonstances
anormales ; ces mesures provisoires n’auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de
la Société qui, en dépit du transfert provisoire de son siège social, demeurera
une société luxembourgeoise. Ces mesures provisoires seront prises et
portées à la connaissance des parties intéressées par le gérant ou, le cas
échéant, le conseil de gérance.

Article 5. Capital social

Le capital social émis de la Société est fixé à dix-sept mille dollars des
Etats-Unis (17.000 USD) divisé en un million sept cent mille (1.700.000) parts
sociales réparties en un million six cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf mille neuf cent
quatre-vingt-dix-neuf (1.699.999) parts sociales de catégorie A d’une valeur
nominale d’un centime de dollar des Etats-Unis (0,01 USD) chacune (les «
Parts Sociales de Catégorie A »), et une (1) part sociale de catégorie B d’une
valeur nominale d’un centime de dollar des Etats-Unis (0,01 USD) (les « Parts

Sociales de Catégorie B » ensemble avec les Parts Sociales de Catégorie A,
15


les « Parts Sociales »).

En plus de son capital social émis, la Société a un capital autorisé, mais
non émis et non souscrit qui est fixé à cinquante mille dollars des Etats-Unis
(50.000 USD) représentant cinq millions (5.000.000) de parts sociales d’une
valeur nominale d’un centime de dollar des Etats-Unis (0,01 USD) chacune.
Les parts sociales émises ne devront pas étre émises ni souscrites par une
personne autre qu’un associé existant.

Le capital social émis et le capital autorisé de la Société peuvent être
augmentés ou réduits par décision de l’assemblée générale des associés
statuant dans les formes et selon les conditions requises pour la modification
des Statuts.

Le conseil de gérance (ou le gérant unique, le cas échéant) est autorisé,
pour une période commençant le jour de la publication dans le Registre
Electronique de Commerce et des Sociétés du procès-verbal de l’assemblée
générale des associés, sans préjudice de tout renouvellement, à augmenter
le capital social en une ou plusieurs fois en faveur des associés existants et/ou
de tout tiers ayant reçu l’agrément conformément à l’article 710-12 de la Loi.

Le conseil de gérance (ou le gérant unique, le cas échéant) est autorisé
à déterminer les conditions de toute augmentation de capital, y compris par
des apports en espèces ou en nature, par l’incorporation de réserves, de
primes d'émission ou de bénéfices reportés, avec ou sans émission de
nouvelles parts sociales, ou suite à l’émission et l’exercice des obligations
subordonnées ou non subordonnées, convertibles ou remboursables par ou
échangeables en parts sociales (déterminées dans les termes de l’émission
ou déterminées parla suite), ou suite à l’émission d'obligations avec warrants
ou tout autre instrument portant un droit à souscrire à des parts sociales, ou
par l’émission de warrants autonomes ou tout autre instrument portant un droit
à, ou le droit de souscription, à des parts sociales.

Le conseil de gérance (ou le gérant unique, le cas échéant) est autorisé
à déterminer le prix de souscription, avec ou sans prime d’émission, la date à
partir de laquelle les parts sociales ou tout autre instrument financier portera
des droits et, le cas échéant, la durée, l’amortissement, les autres droits (y
compris le remboursement anticipé), les taux d'intérêt, les taux de conversion

et les taux d’échange, de tels instruments financiers ainsi que tous les autres
16


termes et conditions de tels instruments financiers, y compris quant à leur
souscription, émission et le paiement.

Chaque fois que le conseil de gérance (ou le gérant unique, le cas
échéant) aura procédé à l’augmentation partielle ou intégrale de capital tel
qu’autorisé par les dispositions ci-dessus, l'article 5 des Statuts sera modifié
afin de refléter cette augmentation.

Le conseil de gérance (ou le gérant unique, le cas échéant) est
expressément autorisé à déléguer à toute personne physique ou morale le
pouvoir pour accepter les souscriptions, conversions ou échanges, recevoir
paiement du prix des parts sociales, obligations, droits de souscription ou
autres instruments financiers, faire constater les augmentations de capital
réalisées ainsi que les modifications correspondantes à l’article 5 des Statuts
et faire inscrire audit article 5 des Statuts le montant à concurrence duquel
l’autorisation d'augmenter le capital a été effectivement utilisée et
éventuellement les montants à concurrence desquels elle est réservée pour
des instruments financiers pouvant donner droit à des parts sociales.

La partie non-souscrite du capital autorisé peut être émis par l’exercice
de droits de conversion ou de souscription d’ores et déjà conférés par la
Société.

La Société peut procéder au rachat de ses propres Parts Sociales par
une décision du conseil de gérance sous réserve de disponibilité des fonds
déterminé par le conseil de gérance sur la base de comptes intérimaires.

Toute prime d’émission disponible sera distribuable.

Article 6. Transfert de parts sociales

Les Parts Sociales sont librement transférables entre associés. Sauf
disposition contraire de la Loi, le transfert de Parts Sociales à des non associés
est soumis à l’agrément des associés représentant au moins cinquante pour
cent des Parts Sociales.

Article 7. Gérance de la Société

La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés ou non.

Les gérants sont nommés et révoqués par l’assemblée générale des
associés, qui statue à la majorité simple et qui détermine leurs pouvoirs et la
durée de leur mandat. Si aucune durée n’est indiquée, les gérants sont

nommés pour une période indéterminée. Les gérants sont rééligibles mais leur
17


nomination est également révocable avec ou sans motif (ad nutum) et ce, à
tout moment.

En cas de pluralité de gérants, ceux-ci constituent un conseil de gérance.
Tout gérant peut participer à toute réunion du conseil de gérance par
conférence téléphonique ou par d’autres moyens similaires de communication
permettant à toutes les personnes prenant part à cette réunion de s’entendre
les unes les autres et de communiquer entre elles. Une réunion peut
également être tenue uniquement sous forme de conférence téléphonique. La
participation à une réunion ou la tenue d’une réunion par ces moyens équivaut
à une participation en personne à cette réunion ou à la tenue en personne de
cette réunion. Les gérants peuvent être représentés aux réunions du conseil
par un autre gérant et ce, sans limitation quant au nombre de procurations
qu’un gérant peut accepter et voter.

Un avis de convocation écrit doit être remis aux gérants au moins vingt-
quatre (24) heures avant la date prévue de la réunion, sauf s’il y a urgence,
auquel cas la nature et les motifs de cette urgence seront mentionnés dans
l’avis de convocation. Il peut toutefois être passé outre à cet avis de
convocation si chaque gérant donne son assentiment par écrit, par câble,
télégramme, télex, courriel ou télécopie, ou par tout autre moyen similaire de
communication. Il n’est pas obligatoire de remettre un avis de convocation
spécial pour toute réunion du conseil devant se tenir à une heure et un lieu
déterminés dans une résolution adoptée préalablement par le conseil de
gérance.

Les décisions du conseil de gérance sont valablement prises avec
l’accord de la majorité des gérants de la Société (y compris par voie de
représentation).

Le conseil de gérance peut également et ce, à l’unanimité, adopter des
résolutions sur un ou plusieurs documents similaires par voie circulaire en
exprimant son approbation par écrit, par câble, télécopie ou tout autre moyen
similaire de communication. L’ensemble constituera les documents circulaires
dûment signés faisant foi de la résolution intervenue. Les résolutions des
Gérants, y compris celles prises par voie circulaire, seront certifiées comme
faisant foi ou un extrait de celles-ci pourra être émis sous la signature

individuelle de chaque gérant.
18


L’assemblée générale peut décider qu’au lieu d’un collège de gérance,
la Société soit gérée par un gérant unique, auquel cas Ie gérant unique
détiendra tous les pouvoirs du collège de gérance tels qu’énoncés dans les
présents Statuts et toute référence au collège de gérance devra être
interprétée comme visant le gérant unique et les dispositions applicables au
collège de gérance s’appliqueront mutatis mutandis au gérant unique.

Article 8. Pouvoirs de gestion, signatures autorisées

Le gérant unique ou, le cas échéant, le conseil de gérance est doté des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour gérer les affaires de la Société et pour autoriser
et/ou exécuter tous les actes de disposition et d’administration relevant de
l’objet de la Société. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés
par la Loi ou par les Statuts à l’assemblée générale relèveront de la
compétence du gérant unique ou, le cas échéant, du conseil de gérance. À
l’égard des tiers, le gérant unique ou, le cas échéant, le conseil de gérance
dispose des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir en toutes circonstances pour
le compte de la Société ainsi que pour effectuer, autoriser et approuver tous
les actes et toutes les opérations qui se rapportent à la Société et ne sont pas
réservés par la Loi ou les Statuts à l’assemblée générale ou conformément
aux dispositions des présents Statuts.

La gestion journalière des affaires de la Société et le pouvoir de
représentation de la Société en ce qui concerne cette gestion, peuvent être
délégués à un ou plusieurs gérants, directeurs ou autres agents (chacun un
« Délégué à la Gestion Journalière »), agissant soit seul ou conjointement.

Un Délégué à la Gestion Journalière ne doit pas nécessairement être un
associé.

La nomination et la révocation, les pouvoirs, obligations et émoluments
du/des Délégué(s) à la Gestion Journalière sont déterminés par le conseil de
gérance.

Le gérant unique ou, si la Société a plus d’un gérant, le conseil de
gérance peut déléguer un de ses pouvoirs pour des tâches spécifiques à un
ou plusieurs agents ad hoc et peut révoquer un de ses agents et déterminera
tous pouvoirs et responsabilités de ce/ces agent(s) et rémunération (selon le

cas), la durée de la période de représentation et toutes autres conditions

pertinentes de la représentation.
19


La Société est valablement engagée ou représentée envers des tiers :

- si la Société a un gérant unique par la signature unique du gérant
unique ;

- si la Société a plus d’un (1) gérant par la signature conjointe de deux
gérants ;

- la signature unique de toute personne a qui un tel pouvoir a été délégué
en vertu de la délégation de pouvoirs concernant le/les Délégué(s) à la Gestion
Journalière et le/les agent(s) ad hoc mentionné dans |es précédents
paragraphes.

Article 9. Responsabilité des gérants

Le(s) gérant(s) n’est (ne sont) pas tenu(s) personnellement
responsable(s) des dettes de la Société. En tant que représentant(s) de la
Société, i|(s) est/ (sont) responsable(s) de l’exécution de ses/ (leurs)
ongaﬁons.

Sous réserve des exceptions et limitations énumérées ci-dessous, toute
personne qui est, ou a été, gérant ou délégué de la Société, sera, dans la
mesure la plus large permise par la Loi, indemnisée par la Société pour toute
responsabilité encourue et pour toutes dépenses raisonnables contractées ou
payées par elle dans le cadre d’une demande, action, poursuite ou procédure
dans laquelle elle est impliquée en tant que partie ou autrement en vertu de
son mandat présent ou passé de gérant ou délégué et pour les sommes
payées ou engagées par elle dans le cadre de leur règlement. Les termes
« demande », « action », « poursuite » ou « procédure » s’appliqueront à
toutes les demandes, actions, poursuites ou procédures (civiles, pénales ou
autres, y compris les procédures d’appel) actuelles ou éventuelles et les
termes « responsabilité » et « dépenses » comprendront et ce, de manière
non limitative, les honoraires d’avocats, frais, jugements, montants payés dans
le cadre d’une transaction et toutes autres responsabilités.

Aucune indemnisation ne sera due à un gérant ou délégué :

(i) en cas de mise en cause de sa responsabilité vis-à-vis de la
Société ou de ses associés en raison d’un abus de pouvoir, de mauvaise foi,
de négligence grave ou d’imprudence dans l’exécution des obligations
découlant de sa fonction ;

(ii) dans le cadre d’une affaire dans laquelle il serait finalement
20


condamné pour avoir agi de mauvaise foi et non dans l’intérêt de la Société ;
ou

(iii) en cas de transaction, à moins que celle-ci n’ait été approuvée
par une juridiction compétente ou par le conseil de gérance.

Le droit à indemnisation prévu par les présentes est divisible, n’affectera
aucun autre droit dont un gérant ou délégué peut bénéficier actuellement ou
ultérieurement, subsistera à l’égard de toute personne ayant cessé d’être
gérant ou délégué et bénéficiera aux héritiers, exécuteurs testamentaires et
administrateurs de cette personne. Les dispositions des présentes
n’affecteront aucun droit à indemnisation dont pourrait bénéficier le personnel
de la Société, y compris les gérants et délégués, en vertu d’un contrat ou
autrement en vertu de la Loi.

Les dépenses relatives à la préparation et la représentation d’une
défense dans le cadre de toute demande, action, poursuite ou procédure de
la nature décrite dans le présent article, seront avancées parla Société avant
toute décision définitive sur la question de savoir qui supportera ces dépenses,
moyennant l’engagement par ou pour le compte du délégué ou gérant de
rembourser ce montant s’il est finalement déterminé qu’il n’a pas droit à une
indemnisation aux termes du présent article.

Le/les Délégué(s) à la Gestion Journalière, les gérants ainsi que toute
personne appelée à assister à une réunion, sont tenus de ne pas divulguer,
même après la cessation de leurs fonctions, les informations dont ils disposent
sur la Société et dont la divulgation serait susceptible de porter préjudice aux
intérêts de la Société, à l’exclusion des cas dans lesquels une telle divulgation
est exigée ou admise par une disposition légale ou réglementaire applicable
aux sociétés à responsabilité limitée ou dans l’intérêt public.

Article 10. Droits de vote des associés

Chaque associé peut participer aux décisions collectives. Il dispose d’un
nombre de voix égal au nombre de Parts Sociales qu’il possède et peut se
faire valablement représenter aux assemblées des associés par l’intermédiaire
d’un porteur de procuration spéciale.

Dans la mesure où la Loi le permet, le collège de gérance pourra
suspendre le droit de vote de tout associé qui ne remplit pas les obligations

qui lui incombent en vertu des Statuts ou de tout document précisant ses
21


obligations envers la Société et/ou les autres associés.

Article 11. Assemblées générales

Les décisions des associés sont prises dans les formes et aux majorités
prévues par la Loi, par écrit (dans la mesure où la Loi le permet) ou lors de
l’assemblée. Toute assemblée des associés de la Société régulièrement
constituée ou toute résolution écrite valable (le cas échéant) représente
l’ensemble des associés de la Société.

Les assemblées seront convoquées par un avis de convocation envoyé
par lettre recommandée aux associés à leur adresse figurant dans le registre
des associés tenu par la Société au moins huit (8) jours avant la date de
l’assemblée. Si l’intégralité du capital social de la Société est représentée à
une assemblée, l’assemblée peut être tenue sans convocation préalable.

Dans le cas de résolutions écrites, le texte de ces résolutions doit être
envoyé aux associés à leur adresse inscrite dans le registre des associés tenu
par la Société au moins huit (8) jours avant la date effective proposée des
résolutions. Les résolutions prendront effet après approbation de la majorité
tel que prévu par la Loi en matière de décisions collectives (ou sous réserve
du respect des conditions de majorité, à la date y précisée). Une résolution
écrite unanime peut être adoptée à tout moment et ce, sans convocation
préalable.

Sauf dispositions contraire de la Loi, (i) les décisions de l’assemblée
générale seront valablement adoptées si elles sont approuvées par les
associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette majorité n’est
pas atteinte à la première assemblée ou lors de la première résolution écrite,
les associés seront convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois, par lettre
recommandée, et les décisions seront adoptées à la majorité des voix
exprimées, quelle que soit la portion du capital représentée. Cependant, (ii)
les décisions portant sur la modification des Statuts et le changement de
nationalité de la Société sont prises par les associés représentant au moins
trois quarts du capital social émis.

Lorsque et aussi longtemps que la Société compte plus de soixante (60)
associés, une assemblée générale annuelle sera tenue dans les six (6) mois

suivant la fin de l’année financière précédente.

22


Article 12. Exercice social

L’exercice social commence le 1er décembre de chaque année et se
termine le dernierjour du mois de novembre de l’année suivante, sauf pour le
premier exercice social qui commencera le jour de la constitution et se
terminera le 30 novembre 2019.

Article 13. Comptes annuels

Chaque année, à la fin de l’exercice social, le gérant ou, le cas échéant,
le conseil de gérance établit les comptes annuels.

Les comptes annuels sont mis à la disposition des associés au siège
social de la Société.

Article 14. Distributions

Il est prélevé, sur les bénéfices nets, cinq pour cent (5%) affecté à la
constitution d’une réserve légale. Ce prélèvement cesse d’être obligatoire
lorsque cette réserve atteint dix pour cent (10%) du capital social émis de la
Société.

Le gérant unique/ ou le conseil de gérance peut procéder au versement
d’acomptes sur dividendes à tout moment, suivant les conditions suivantes :

(i) les Statuts autorisent les gérants à le faire ;

(ii) des comptes intermédiaires doivent être établis faisant
apparaître que des fonds suffisants sont disponibles pour la distribution ; étant
entendu que le montant à distribuer ne peut pas excéder, si applicable, les
bénéfices réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice social, augmentés des
bénéfices reportés, de la prime d’émission et des réserves distribuables, mais
diminués des pertes reportées et des sommes alloués à une réserve établie
selon la Loi ou selon ces Statuts ;

(iii) la décision du gérant unique/ ou du conseil de gérance de
distribuer un acompte doit être prise endéans les deux mois de la date des
comptes intermédiaires ;

(iv) le commissaire ou le réviseur d’entreprises, s’il y en a, vérifie si
les conditions prévues ci-dessus ont été remplies.

Le solde peut être distribué aux associés sur décision de l’assemblée
générale des associés.

La prime d’émission peut être distribuée aux associés sur décision de

l’assemblée générale des associés ou du conseil de gérance (ou du gérant
23


unique, Ie cas échéant). L’assemblée générale des associés peut décider
d’allouer tout montant de la prime d’émission à la réserve légale.

Les parts sociales de catégorie B donneront droit à leur(s) détenteur(s)
aux profits nets correspondent à tout revenu et gain qui sont soit (i) des
produits d’intérêts ou tout produit équivalent ou (ii) tout revenu et gain
provenant d’actifs conformes aux conditions énoncées à l’article 166 de la loi
(modifiée) du 4 décembre 1967 concernant l'impôt sur le revenu.

Les parts sociales de catégorie A donneront droit à leur(s) détenteur(s)
à tous les profits nets restants.

Article 15. Dissolution

En cas de dissolution de la Société, il sera procédé à la liquidation par
les soins d’un ou de plusieurs liquidateur(s), associé(s) ou non, nommé(s) par
l’assemblée générale des associés qui fixera leurs pouvoirs et leurs
rémunérations.

Article 16. Associé unique

Lorsque, et aussi longtemps qu’un associé réunit toutes les parts
sociales de la Société entre ses seules mains, la Société est une société
unipersonnelle au sens de l’article 710-1 (2) de la Loi ; dans ce cas, les articles
710-28 et 710-29, entre autres, de la même Loi sont applicables.

Article 17. Loi applicable

Pour tout ce qui n’est pas réglé par les présents Statuts, les associés se
réfèrent aux dispositions légales en vigueur.

L’Associé Unique, représenté comme indiqué ci-avant, ensuite, a requis
le notaire soussigné d’acter ses résolutions comme suit :

Les Statuts ayant été ainsi établis par la partie comparante, celle-ci a
souscrit et intégralement libéré le nombre de parts sociales indiqué en regard

de son nom:

Souscripteur Nombre de parts Paiement
sociales
1.699.999 parts
16.999,99 USD
Makuria Master Fund Ltd sociales de catégorie A

 

1 part sociale de
0,01 USD
catégorie B

24


1.700.000 parts
Total sociales 17.000 USD

Les Parts Sociales ainsi souscrites sont intégralement payées en
numéraire de sorte que le montant de dix-sept mille dollars des Etats-Unis
(17.000 USD) est à la disposition de la Société. La preuve du paiement du prix
de souscription a été montrée au notaire soussigné.

DÉPENSES EVALUATION

Les dépenses, frais, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque forme que

 

ce soit, qui incomberont à la Société en raison de sa constitution sont estimés
à environ 1.300 EUR.

ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE EXTRAORDINAIRE

L’associé de la Société a immédiatement pris les résolutions suivantes :

1. Le siège social de la Société est fixé au 24, rue Beaumont, L-1219
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg.

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées gérants de la Société pour
une durée indéterminée sous réserve des Statuts :

- Andrew Black, né le 30 avril 1969, à Mtarfa (Malte), ayant son adresse
professionnelle au 24, rue Beaumont, L-11219 Luxembourg, Gérant ;

- Matthew Johnson, né le 20 octobre 1976, à Slough (Royaume-Uni),
ayant son adresse professionnelle au 30 Charles II Street, Londres,
SW1Y4AE, Gérant ; et

- William Jones, né le 11 février 1963 à New York (Etats-Unis), ayant
son adresse professionnelle 24, rue Beaumont, L-11219 Luxembourg,
Gérant.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice comptable commence à la date de la constitution et
se termine le 30 novembre 2019.

DECLARATION

L’Associé Unique déclare accepter d’étre convoqué par courrier express,
lettre missive ou email et s’engage à fournir à la Société une adresse email
dès que possible. Si l’Associé Unique ne communique pas une adresse email
à la Société, l’avis de convocation sera envoyé par courrier recommandé,
lettre missive ou par courrier express.

Dont Acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg.
25


En foi de quoi, Nous, notaire soussigné, avons apposé notre seing et
sceau, en date qu’en téte des présentes.

Après lecture du document à la partie comparante, qui a requis que l’acte
soit rédigé en langue anglaise, ladite partie comparante a signé le présent acte
original avec Nous, notaire, qui avons une connaissance personnelle de la
langue anglaise.

Le présent acte, rédigé en anglais, est suivi d’une traduction en langue
française. En cas de divergences entre les textes anglais et français, la version

anglaise fera foi.
(Signé) H. NTSANGHA, c. DELVAUX

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 21 décembre 2018
Relation: 1 LAC/2018/41964

Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75,00 €

Le Receveur (signé) P. MOLLING

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME,
délivrée aux fins de dépöt au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de

Luxembourg et aux fins de publication au Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et
Associations (RESA).

Luxembourg, le 31 décembre 2018

Me Cosita DELVAUX

26


