Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230579

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.304
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Tasty Debtco S.à r.|.

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social : 2, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg

Constitution Me DELOSCH
du 6 décembre 2018 No 15.472

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the sixth of December.

Before us Maitre Edouard Delosch, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg

THERE APPEARED:

Tasty Midco S.à r.l., a private limited company (société à responsabilité
limitée) incorporated and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, in the process of being registered with the Luxembourg Trade
and Companies’ Register, having its registered ofﬁce at 2, rue Edward
Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

here represented by Pol Reckinger, professionally residing in Luxembourg,
by virtue of a proxy, given under private seal.

The said proxy, initialled ne varietur by the proxyholder of the appearing
party and the notary, shall remain annexed to this deed to be filed at the
same time with the registration authorities.

Such appearing party has requested the officiating notary to enact the deed
of incorporation of a private limited company (société à responsabilité
limitée) which it wishes to incorporate with the following articles of
association:

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE
Article 1 Name — Legal form

There exists a private limited company (société à responsabilité limitée)
under the name Tasty Debtco S.à r.|. (hereinafter the “Company”) which
shall be governed by the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies,
as amended (the “Law”), as well as by the present articles of association.

Article 2 Purpose

2.1 The purpose of the Company is the holding of participations in any
form whatsoever in Luxembourg and foreign companies and in any
other form of investment, the acquisition by purchase, subscription or
in any other manner as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or


otherwise of securities of any kind and the administration,
management, control and development of its portfolio.

2.2 The Company may grant loans to, as well as guarantees or security
for the benefit of third parties to secure obligations of, companies in
which it holds a direct or indirect participation or right of any kind or
which form part of the same group of companies as the Company, or
othenNise assist such companies.

2.3 The Company may raise funds through borrowing in any form or by
issuing any kind of notes, securities or debt instruments, bonds and
debentures and generally issue securities of any type. The Company
may not publicly issue shares.

2.4 An additional purpose of the Company is the acquisition and sale of
real estate properties either in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or
abroad, including the direct or indirect holding of participations in
Luxembourg or foreign companies, the principal object of which is
the acquisition, development, promotion, sale, management and/or
lease of real estate properties.

2.5 The Company may carry out any commercial, industrial, financial,
real estate or intellectual property activities which it considers useful
for the accomplishment of these purposes.

Article 3 Duration
3.1 The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period of time.

3.2 It may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the general
meeting of shareholders adopted by half of the shareholders
representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

Article 4 Registered office

4.1 The registered office of the Company is established in the City of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4.2 The board of managers may transfer the registered office of the
Company within the same municipality or, in the cases permitted by
law, to any other municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
and, if necessary, subsequently amend these articles of association
to reflect such change of registered office.

4.3 Branches or other offices may be established either in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of
managers.

4.4 In the event that the board of managers determines that
extraordinary political, economic or social circumstances or natural
disasters have occurred or are imminent that would interfere with the
normal activities of the Company at its registered office, the
registered office may be temporarily transferred abroad until the
complete cessation of these extraordinary circumstances; such
temporary measures shall not affect the nationality of the Company

2


B.

which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its registered office,
shall remain a Luxembourg company.

SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES

Article 5 Share capital

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euro (EUR
12,000), represented by one million two hundred thousand
(1,200,000) shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01)
each.

The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the
manner required for an amendment of these articles of association or
as set out in article 6 hereof.

The Company may repurchase its own shares subject to the
provisions of the Law.

The board of managers is authorised to cancel shares held in
treasury and to proceed with the corresponding share capital
reduction.

Article 6 Authorised capital

6.1

6.2

6.3

6.4

The authorised capital, excluding the share capital, is set at five
hundred million euro (EUR 500,000,000), consisting of ﬁfty billion
(50,000,000,000) shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR
0.01) each. During a period of five (5) years from the date of
incorporation or any subsequent resolutions to create, renew or
increase the authorised capital pursuant to this article, the board of
managers is hereby authorised to issue shares, to grant options to
subscribe for shares and to issue any other instruments giving
access to shares within the limits of the authorised capital to such
persons and on such terms as it shall see fit, but subject to article 6.2
and it being understood that any issuance of such instruments will
reduce the available authorised capital accordingly.

An issue of shares, options or other instruments pursuant to article
6.1 au-dessus may only be made to (i) shareholders of the Company
at the time of the issue, (ii) third parties having received prior
approval pursuant to article 7.6 or (iii) any past shareholders of the
Company.

The authorised capital of the Company may be increased or reduced
by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the
manner required for amendments of these articles of association.

The above authorisation may be renewed through a resolution of the
general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for
an amendment of these articles of association and subject to the
provisions of the Law, each time for a period not exceeding five (5)
years.


6.5

In the case of a sole shareholder, articles 6.1 to 6.4 are not
applicable.

Article 7 Shares - Transfer of shares

7.1

7.2
7.3

7.4

7.5
7.6

7.7

7.8

The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a
maximum of one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the
number of shareholders of the Company exceeds one hundred (100)
for any reason, the Company shall have a period of one (1) year
from the date on which such limit was exceeded to convert into a
company of another legal form.

Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or
insolvency or any other similar event regarding any of the
shareholders shall not cause the dissolution of the Company.

The shares of the Company are in registered form.

A register of shares shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it shall be available for inspection by any
shareholder. This register shall contain all the information required
by the Law. Certificates evidencing registrations made in the register
with respect to a shareholder may be issued upon request and at the
expense of such shareholder.

The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a
share is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single
representative who shall represent them towards the Company. The
Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights attached
to that share, except for relevant information rights, until such
representative has been appointed.

The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

Inter vivos, the shares may only be transferred to third party
transferees subject to the prior approval of such transfer given by
shareholders holding at least three-quarters of all the shares in
issue.

If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third
party transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to
the Company with all relevant details of the proposed transfer,
including the identity of the transferee, the conditions applicable to
the transfer (if any) and the transfer price.

If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of the
Company in accordance with article 7.6, the shareholders may,
within three (3) months from the date of the refusal, acquire the
shares on an equal treatment basis (unless othenNise agreed
between them) or procure the acquisition of the share(s), at a price
determined in accordance with article 7.10, except if the transferring
shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the
board of managers, the three-month period can be extended by the
president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing

4


7.9

7.10

7.11

7.12

7.13

C.

with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings, it
being understood that such extension shall not exceed six (6)
months.

To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire the
shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the aggregate nominal value
of the relevant shares and (ii) repurchase and cancel such shares at
a price determined in accordance with article 7.10.

For the purposes of articles 7.8 and 7.9, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the
shares as determined in good faith by the board of managers.

lf, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders nor the Company have acquired or
repurchased the shares, the transferring shareholder may freely sell
his shares to the proposed new shareholder(s) at the transfer price
and conditions that were notified to the Company.

Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the Company
and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon
the acceptance of the transfer by the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the Civil Code.

In the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may
only be transferred to new shareholders subject to the approval of
such transfer given by the remaining shareholders holding at least
three-quarters of the shares owned by the remaining shareholders.
Such approval is, however, not required in case the shares are
transferred either to parents, descendants or the surviving spouse or
any other legal heir of the deceased shareholder.

DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 8 Collective decisions of the shareholders

8.1

8.2

8.3

8.4

The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers
expressly reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of
association.

Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions irrespective
of the number of shares which he owns.

In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty (60)
shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means
of written resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to
these articles of association. To this effect, each shareholder shall
receive the full text of the resolutions to be adopted and shall cast his
vote in writing.

In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall exercise
the powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under the

5


provisions of title VII of the Law and by these articles of association.
ln such case, any reference made herein to the “general meeting of
shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the sole
shareholder, depending on the context and as applicable, and
powers conferred upon the general meeting of shareholders shall be
exercised by the sole shareholder.

Article 9 General meetings of shareholders

9.1

9.2

9.3

9.4

9.5

In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least
one general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6)
months of the end of each financial year in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg at the registered office of the Company or at such other
place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be specified in the
convening notice of such meeting. Other meetings of shareholders
may be held at such place and time as may be specified in the
respective convening notices of meeting. Holders of debt securities
(obligations) are not entitled to attend meetings of shareholders.

If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a general
meeting of shareholders and have waived any convening
requirements, the meeting may be held without prior notice.

Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through
video conference or by any other means of communication allowing
for their identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting
to hear one another on a continuous basis and allowing for an
effective participation of all such persons in the meeting, are deemed
to be present for the computation of the quorums and votes, subject
to such means of communication being made available at the place
of the meeting. ln such case, at least one (1) shareholder or his
proxyholder shall be physically present at the registered office of the
Company.

Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed
voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other
means of communication to the Company’s registered office or to the
address specified in the convening notice. The shareholders may
only use voting forms provided by the Company which contain at
least the place, date and time of the meeting, the agenda of the
meeting, the proposals submitted to the shareholders, as well as for
each proposal three boxes allowing the shareholder to vote in favour
thereof, against, or abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate
box.

Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote
in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an
abstention are void with respect to such resolution. The Company
shall only take into account voting forms received prior to the general
meeting to which they relate.


9.6

9.7

The board of managers may determine further conditions that must
be fulfilled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general
meeting of shareholders.

An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

Article 10 Quorum, majority and vote

10.1
10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

Each share entities to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

The board of managers may suspend the voting rights of any
shareholder in breach of his obligations as described by these
articles of association or any relevant contractual arrangement
entered into by such shareholder.

A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or
permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder
is bound by such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the
Company upon notiﬁcation to the latter.

In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 10.2 or the exercise of the
voting rights has been waived by one or several shareholders in
accordance with article 10.3, such shareholders are entitled to
receive written shareholders’ resolutions (for information purposes
only) and may attend any general meeting of the Company but the
shares they hold are not taken into account for the determination of
the conditions of quorum and majority to be complied with at the
general meetings of the Company or to determine if written
resolutions have been validly adopted.

In the case of a sole shareholder, articles 10.2 to 10.4 are not
applicable.

Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of association or
the Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only validly
taken in so far as they are adopted by shareholders holding more
than half of the share capital. If this majority is not reached at a first
meeting or proposed written resolution, the shareholders shall be
convened or consulted a second time by registered letter with the
same agenda and decisions are adopted in so far as they are
adopted by a majority of the votes validly cast irrespective of the
portion of the share capital represented.

Article 11 Amendments of the articles of association

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

Article 12 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner
required for an amendment of these articles of association.

7


D. MANAGEMENT
Article 13 Composition and powers of the board of managers

13.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers. If the

Company has several managers, the managers form a board of
managers.

13.2 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, to the extent
applicable and where the term “sole manager” is not expressly
mentioned in these articles of association, a reference to the “board
of managers” used in these articles of association is to be construed
as a reference to the “sole manager”.

13.3 The board of managers is vested with the broadest powers to act in
the name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or
useful to fulfil the Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception
of the powers reserved by the Law or by these articles of association
to the general meeting of shareholders.

Article 14 Daily management

The daily management of the Company as well as the representation
of the Company in relation to such daily management may be
delegated to one or more managers, officers or other agents, acting
individually or jointly. Their appointment, removal and powers shall
be determined by a resolution of the board of managers.

Article 15 Appointment, removal and term of office of managers

15.1 The manager(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders which shall determine their remuneration and term of
ofﬁce. The general meeting of shareholders may decide to appoint
managers of different classes, namely class A managers (the “Class
A Managers”) and class B managers (the “Class B Managers”).
Any reference made hereinafter to the “managers” shall be
construed as a reference to the Class A Managers and/or the Class
B Managers, depending on the context and as applicable.

15.2 The managers shall be appointed and may be removed from office at
any time, with or without cause, by a collective decision of the
shareholders.

Article 16 Convening meetings of the board of managers

16.1 The board of managers shall meet upon call by any manager. The
meetings of the board of managers shall be held at the registered
office of the Company unless otherwise indicated in the notice of
meeting.

16.2 Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be
given to managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the
time scheduled for the meeting, except in case of emergency, in
which case the nature and the reasons of such emergency must be
mentioned in the notice. Such notice may be omitted in case of

8


16.3

consent of each manager in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or
any other similar means of communication, a copy of such signed
document being sufficient proof thereof. No prior notice shall be
required for a board meeting to be held at a time and location
determined in a prior resolution adopted by the board of managers
which has been communicated to all managers.

No prior notice shall be required in case all managers are present or
represented at a board meeting and waive any convening
requirement or in the case of resolutions in writing approved and
signed by all members of the board of managers.

Article 17 Conduct of meetings of the board of managers

17.1

17.2

17.3

17.4

17.5

17.6

The board of managers may elect a chairman from among its
members. It may also choose a secretary, who does not need to be
a manager and who shall be responsible for keeping the minutes of
the meetings of the board of managers.

The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of the board of
managers but, in his absence, the board of managers may appoint
another manager as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority of
managers present or represented at any such meeting.

Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing another manager as his proxy in writing, or by facsimile,
electronic mail or any other similar means of communication, a copy
of the appointment being sufﬁcient proof thereof. A manager may
represent one or more but not all of the other managers.

Meetings of the board of managers may also be held exceptionally
by conference-call or video conference or by any other means of
communication, allowing all persons participating at such meeting to
hear one another on a continuous basis, allowing an effective
participation in the meeting. Participation in a meeting by these
means is equivalent to participation in person at such meeting.

The board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at least
half of the managers are present or represented at a meeting of the
board of managers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the board of
managers has less than three (3) members, the board of managers
may deliberate or act validly only if all the managers are present or
represented at a meeting of the board of managers. In the event the
general meeting of shareholders has appointed different classes of
managers, the board of managers may deliberate or act validly only
if at least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager is
present or represented at the meeting.

Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the managers present
or represented at such meeting. In the event the general meeting of
shareholders has appointed different classes of managers, decisions
shall be taken by a majority of the managers present or represented

9


17.7

including at least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B
Manager. The chairman, if any, shall not have a casting vote.

The board of managers may unanimously pass resolutions by
circular means when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile,
electronic mail or any other similar means of communication. Each
manager may express his consent separately, the entirety of the
consents evidencing the adoption of the resolutions. The date of
such resolutions shall be the date of the last signature.

Article 18 Conflicts of interests

18.1

18.2

18.3

18.4

Save as otherwise provided by the Law, any manager who has,
directly or indirectly, a financial interest conflicting with the interest of
the Company in connection with a transaction falling within the
competence of the board of managers, must inform the board of
managers of such conflict of interest and must have his declaration
recorded in the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant manager
may not take part in the discussions relating to such transaction nor
vote on such transaction. Any such conﬂict of interest must be
reported to the next general meeting of shareholders prior to such
meeting taking any resolution on any other item.

Where the Company comprises a single manager, transactions
made between the Company and the manager having an interest
conflicting with that of the Company are specifically mentioned in the
resolution of the sole manager.

Where, by reason of a conflicting interest, the number of managers
required in order to validly deliberate is not met, the board of
managers may decide to submit the decision on this specific item to
the general meeting of shareholders.

The conflict of interest rules shall not apply where the decision of the
board of managers or the sole manager relates to day-to-day
transactions entered into under normal conditions.

Article 19 Minutes of the meeting of the board of managers;

19.1

19.2

Minutes of the decisions of the sole manager

The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be
signed (i) by the chairman, if any or in his absence by the chairman
pro tempore, and the secretary (if any), or (ii) any two (2) managers
or, by one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager if
applicable. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may be
produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the
chairman, if any, or by two (2) managers or, by one (1) Class A
Manager and one (1) Class B Manager if applicable.

Decisions of the sole manager shall be recorded in minutes which
shall be signed by the sole manager. Copies or excerpts of such
minutes, which may be produced in judicial proceedings or
otherwise, shall be signed by the sole manager.

10


Article 20 Dealing with third parties

20.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all
circumstances (i) by the signature of any manager, or (ii) by the joint
signature or the sole signature of any persons to whom such
signatory power may have been delegated by the board of managers
within the limits of such delegation.

20.2 Within the limits of the daily management, the Company shall be
bound towards third parties by the signature of any persons to whom
such power may have been delegated, acting individually or jointly
within the limits of such delegation.

E. AUDIT AND SUPERVISION
Article 21 Auditor(s)

21.1 In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, the transactions of the Company shall be supervised
by one or several statutory auditors (commissaires). The general
meeting of shareholders shall appoint the statutory auditor(s) and
shall determine their term of office.

21.2 A statutory auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and
with or without cause by the general meeting of shareholders.

21.3 The statutory auditor has an unlimited right of permanent supervision
and control of all transactions of the Company.

21.4 If the shareholders of the Company appoint one or more
independent auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) in accordance
with Article 69 of the law of 19 December 2002 regarding the trade
and companies register and the accounting and annual accounts of
undertakings, as amended, the institution of statutory auditor(s) is no
longer required.

21.5 An independent auditor may only be removed by the general
meeting of shareholders for cause or with his approval.

F. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS — INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 22 Financial year

The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of January of each
year and shall end on the thirty-first of December of the same year.

Article 23 Annual accounts and allocation of profits

23.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the
board of managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets
and liabilities, the balance sheet and the profit and loss accounts in
accordance with the law.

23.2 Of the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) at least
shall be allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to

be mandatory as soon and as long as the aggregate amount of such
1 1


reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital of the
Company.

23.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company may also be
allocated to the legal reserve.

23.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve
may be reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten per cent
(10%) of the share capital.

23.5 Upon recommendation of the board of managers, the general
meeting of shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the
Company’s profits shall be used in accordance with the Law and
these articles of association.

23.6 Distributions shall be made to the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares they hold in the Company.

Article 24 Interim dividends - Share premium and assimilated
premiums

24.1 The board of managers may proceed with the payment of interim
dividends subject to the provisions of the Law.

24.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable
reserve may be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the
provisions of the Law and these articles of association.

G. LIQUIDATION
Article 25 Liquidation

In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with article 3.2 of
these articles of association, the liquidation shall be carried out by one or
several liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders deciding on such dissolution and which shall determine their
powers and their remuneration. Unless othenNise provided, the liquidators
shall have the most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and
payment of the liabilities of the Company.

H. FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW
Article 26 Governing law

All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined
in accordance with the Law.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS

1. The first financial year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the
Company and terminate on the thirty-first of December two thousand
and nineteen.

2. lnterim dividends may be distributed during the Company’s ﬁrst
financial year.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

12



The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing party,
known to the notary by name, first name and residence, the said proxyholder
of the appearing party signed together with the notary the present deed.

Suit la traduction française de ce qui précède.
L’an deux mille dix-huit, |e six décembre.

Par-devant nous Maitre Edouard Delosch, notaire de résidence a
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A COMPARU :

Tasty Midco S.à r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée constituée et régie
par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en train d’être immatriculée au
Registre de commerce et des sociétés de Luxembourg, ayant son siège
social a 2, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg,

dûment représentée par Pol Reckinger, résidant professionnellement a
Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé.

Ladite procuration, paraphée ne varietur par |e mandataire de la comparante
et |e notaire, restera annexée au présent acte pour etre soumise avec lui
aux formalités d’enregistrement.

La comparante a requis |e notaire instrumentant de dresser l’acte de
constitution d’une société a responsabilité Iimitée qu’elle souhaite constituer
avec les statuts suivants :

A. DENOMINATION - OBJET SOCIAL - DURÉE - SIÈGE SOCIAL
Article 1 Dénomination - Forme

Il existe une société a responsabilité Iimitée sous la dénomination « Tasty
Debtco S.a r.|. » (ci-après |a « Société ») qui sera régie parla loi du 10 août
1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (Ia « Loi »),
ainsi que parles présents statuts.

Article 2 Objet social

2.1 La Société a pour objet social la détention de participations, sous
quelque forme que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et
étrangères et de toute autre forme de placement, l’acquisition par
achat, souscription ou de toute autre manière, de même que |e
transfert par vente, échange ou toute autre manière de valeurs
mobilières de tout type, ainsi que l’administration, la gestion, |e
contrôle et la mise en valeur de son portefeuille de participations.

2.2 La Société peut également accorder des prêts, ainsi que des
garanties, des sûretés, au profit de tiers afin de garantir l’exécution
d’obligations des sociétés dans lesquelles e||e détient une
participation directe ou indirecte ou un droit de quelque nature que
ce soit ou qui font partie du meme groupe de sociétés que la
Société, ou assister ces sociétés de toute autre manière.

14


2.3

2.4

2.5

La Société peut lever des fonds en faisant des emprunts sous toute
forme ou en émettant toute sorte d’obligations, de titres ou
d’instruments de dettes, d’obligations garanties ou non garanties, et
d’une manière générale en émettant des valeurs mobilières de tout
type. Cependant, la Société ne pourra pas procéder à une émission
publique de parts sociales.

La Société a, en outre, pour objet l’acquisition et la vente de biens
immobiliers soit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soit a l’étranger, y
compris la détention de participations directes ou indirectes dans des
sociétés luxembourgeoises ou étrangères dont l’objet principal est
l’acquisition, le développement, la promotion, la vente, la gestion
et/ou la location de biens immobiliers.

La Société peut exercer toute activité de nature commerciale,
industrielle, ﬁnancière, immobilière ou de propriété intellectuelle
qu’elle estime utile pour l’accomplissement de son objet social.

Article 3 Durée

3.1
3.2

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

Elle peut être dissoute a tout moment par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée avec l’assentiment de la
moitié des associés possédant les trois quarts de l’avoir social au
moins.

Article 4 Siège social

4.1

4.2.

4.3

4.4

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le conseil de gérance peut transférer le siège social de la Société
au sein de la mème commune ou, dans les cas prévus par la loi,
dans toute autre commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et
modifier, si nécessaire, ces statuts afin de reﬂéter le changement de
siège social.

Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du conseil de
gérance.

Dans l’hypothèse où le conseil de gérance estimerait que des
événements exceptionnels d'ordre politique, économique ou social
ou des catastrophes naturelles se sont produits ou seraient
imminents, de nature a interférer avec l'activité normale de la Société
a son siège social, il pourra transférer provisoirement le siège social
a l'étranger jusqu'a la cessation complète de ces circonstances
exceptionnelles ; ces mesures provisoires n'auront toutefois aucun
effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert
provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

15


B.

CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

Le capital social de la Société est fixé à douze mille euros (EUR
12.000), représenté par un million deux cent mille (1.200.000) parts
sociales ayant une valeur nominale d’un centime d’euro (EUR 0,01)
chacune.

Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société,
adoptée selon les conditions requises pour la modification des
présents statuts ou aux conditions prévues a l’Erreur! Source du
renvoi introuvable. ci-après.

La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales aux conditions
prévues parla Loi.

Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler des parts sociales
rachetées par la Société et à décider d’une réduction de capital
social afférente.

Article 6 Capital autorisé

6.1

6.2

6.3

6.4

Le capital autorisé, [excluant/incluant] le capital social, est fixé à cinq
cent millions euro (EUR 500.000.000), représenté par cinquante
milliards (50.000.000.000) parts sociales ayant une valeur nominale
de un centime d’euro (EUR 0,01) chacune. Pendant une période de
cinq (5) ans a compter de la date de constitution ou de toutes
décisions de créer, renouveler ou augmenter le capital autorisé
conformément à cet article, le conseil de gérance est autorisé à
émettre des parts sociales, à attribuer des bons de souscription de
parts sociales et à émettre tout autre type d’instrument donnant
accès a des parts sociales dans les limites du capital autorisé au
profit des personnes et aux conditions qu’il estimera opportunes
sous réserve du respect des conditions fixées à l’article 6.2, étant
précisé que l’émission de tels instruments viendra réduire d’autant le
montant du capital autorisé.

Une émission de parts sociales, de bons de souscription de parts
sociales ou de tout autre type d’instrument, conformément à l’article
6.1 ci-dessus, peut seulement être destinée (i) aux associés de la
Société au moment de l’émission, (ii) aux tiers ayant reçu un
agrément préalable aux conditions requises à l’article 7.6 ou (iii) a
tout ancien associé de la Société.

Le capital autorisé de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée aux
conditions requises pour la modification des statuts.

L’autorisation ci-dessus pourra être renouvelée par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée aux conditions requises
pour la modification des statuts et conformément aux dispositions de

16


6.5

la Loi, a chaque fois pour une période ne pouvant excéder une durée
de cinq (5) ans.

En cas d’associé unique, les articles 6.1 a 6.4 ne sont pas
applicables.

Article 7 Parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

7.1

7.2
7.3

7.4

7.5
7.6

7.7

7.8

La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés sans excéder la limite
de cent (100) associés. Au cas où le nombre des associés vient à
dépasser la limite de cent (100) pour quelque raison que ce soit, la
Société devra dans un délai d’un (1) an a compter du dépassement
de la limite, être transformée en une société revêtant une autre
forme sociale.

Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la liquidation,
la faillite ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire d’un des
associés n’entraînera pas la dissolution de la Société.

Les parts sociales de la Société sont nominatives.

Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social de la Société
où il est mis a disposition de chaque associé pour consultation. Ce
registre contient toutes les informations requises par la Loi. Des
certificats attestant des inscriptions faites dans le registre concernant
un associé peuvent être émis sur demande et aux frais de cet
associé.

La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale. Les
copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les
représentera vis-à-vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de
suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits relatifs à cette part sociale, à
l’exception du droit à l’information, jusqu'a ce qu'un tel représentant
ait été désigné.

Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

Inter vivos, les parts sociales seront uniquement cessibles a des
tiers sous réserve qu’une telle cession ait été approuvée
préalablement par des associés représentant au moins les trois
quarts des parts sociales.

Lorsqu’un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales
a un tiers, l’associé cédant doit envoyer une notification à la Société
contenant les éléments de la cession envisagée, y compris l’identité
du cessionnaire, les conditions applicables à la cession (le cas
échéant) et le prix de cession.

Si la cession envisagée n’est pas approuvée par les associés de la
Société conformément à l’article 7.6, les associés peuvent, dans un
délai de trois (3) mois a compter de la date du refus, acquérir les
parts sociales en respectant le principe de l’égalité de traitement
(sauf s’ils en ont convenu autrement) ou faire acquérir les parts
sociales a un prix déterminé conformément à l’article 7.10, sauf si

17


7.9

7.10

7.11

7.12

7.13

C.

l’associé cédant décide de renoncer au transfert. Sur requête du
conseil de gérance, la période de trois (3) mois peut étre prolongée
par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement
siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé,
sans que cette prolongation ne puisse excéder six (6) mois.

Dans la mesure où les associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les
parts sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le
consentement de l’associé cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital
social du montant correspondant a la valeur nominale des parts de
l’associé cédant et (ii) racheter et annuler ces parts a un prix
déterminé conformément à l’article 7.10.

Aux fins des articles 7.8 et 7.9, le prix de transfert ou le prix de
rachat correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales
déterminée de bonne foi par le conseil de gérance.

Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, ni les associés existants, ni la
Société n’ont acquis ou racheté les parts sociales, l’associé cédant
peut librement céder ses parts sociales au(x) nouvel (nouveaux)
associé(s) proposé(s) au prix de cession et aux conditions notifiées a
la Société.

Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable à la Société et aux
tiers sur notification de la cession à la Société, ou après l’acceptation
de la cession par la Société conformément aux dispositions de
l’article 1690 du Code civil.

En cas de décès, les parts sociales de l’associé décédé pourront
être uniquement transférées au nouvel associé sous réserve qu’un
tel transfert ait été approuvé par les associés survivants représentant
au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales appartenant aux
survivants. Un tel agrément n’est cependant pas requis dans
l’hypothèse où les parts sociales sont transférées soit aux
ascendants, descendants ou au conjoint survivant ou a tout autre
héritier légal de l’associé décédé.

DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 8 Décisions collectives des associés

8.1

8.2

8.3

L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui
sont expressément réservés parla Loi et par les présents statuts.

Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions
collectives quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.

Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société n’a pas plus de soixante
(60) associés, des décisions collectives qui reléveraient d’ordinaire
de la compétence de l’assemblée générale, pourront être
valablement adoptées par voie de décisions écrites, à l’exception
des propositions de modification des statuts. Dans ce cas, chaque
associé recevra le texte intégral de ces résolutions a adopter et
votera par écrit.

18


8.4

En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs dévolus
à l’assemblée générale des associés en vertu des dispositions du
titre VII de la Loi et des présents statuts. Dans cette hypothèse, toute
référence faite a « l’assemblée générale des associés » devra être
entendue comme une référence a « l’associé unique » selon le
contexte, et le cas échéant, et les pouvoirs conférés à l’assemblée
générale des associés seront exercés par l’associé unique.

Article 9 Assemblées générales des associés

9.1

9.2

9.3

9.4

Dans l’hypothèse où la Société comporte plus de soixante (60)
associés, une assemblée générale des associés devra étre tenue au
minimum dans les six (6) mois suivant la fin de chaque exercice
social au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg au siège social de la Société
ou a tout autre endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg tel que
précisé dans la convocation à cette assemblée générale. D’autres
assemblées générales d’associés pourront être tenues aux lieux et
heures indiquées dans les convocations aux assemblées générales
correspondantes. Les porteurs d’obligations ne sont pas autorisés à
participer aux assemblées générales d’associés.

Lorsque tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à
l’assemblée générale des associés et ont renoncé aux formalités de
convocation, l’assemblée pourra être tenue sans convocation ou
publication préalable.

Les associés participant a une assemblée par conférence
téléphonique, par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant de les identifier, permettant à toute
personne participant a cette assemblée de s’entendre mutuellement
de manière continue, et permettant une participation effective de ces
personnes à l’assemblée, sont réputés être présents pour le calcul
du quorum et des voix, a la condition que ces moyens de
communication soient mis a disposition au lieu de tenue de
l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son
mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social de la
Société.

Chaque associé peut voter à une assemblée générale par
correspondance au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé par lettre,
courrier électronique, par télécopie ou par tout autre moyen de
communication au siège social de la Société ou a l’adresse
mentionnée dans l’avis de convocation. Les associés peuvent
uniquement utiliser les formulaires de vote par correspondance
distribués par la Société et qui contiennent au moins le lieu, la date
et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les
propositions soumises aux associés, ainsi que pour chaque
proposition trois cases autorisant l’associé à voter en faveur, contre
ou a s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case appropriée.

19


9.5

9.6

9.7

Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne font
pas apparaître (i) un vote en faveur (ii) un vote contre la résolution
proposée ou (iii) une abstention sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette
résolution. La Société doit seulement prendre en compte les
formulaires de vote reçus avant l’assemblée générale a laquelle ils
se rapportent.

Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions
supplémentaires à remplir par les associés afin de pouvoir participer
aux assemblées générales des associés.

Une liste de présence doit être dressée a toutes les assemblées
générales des associés.

Article 10 Quorum, majorité et vote

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

Chaque part sociale donne droit a une voix aux assemblées
générales des associés.

Le conseil de gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout
associé qui ne remplit pas ses obligations telles que décrites par les
statuts ou toute convention a laquelle cet associé est partie.

Un associé peut décider, à titre personnel, de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de façon permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits
de vote. Une telle renonciation lie l’associé renonçant et s’impose à
la Société dès notiﬁcation à cette dernière.

Si les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont suspendus
conformément à l’article 10.2 ou si un ou plusieurs associés ont
renoncé à leurs droits de vote conformément à l’article 10.3, ces
associés conservent le droit de recevoir à titre informatif les
résolutions écrites des associés et peuvent participer a toute
assemblée de la Société, toutefois les parts sociales qu’ils
détiennent ne seront pas comptabilisées pour la détermination des
conditions de quorum et de majorité a respecter durant les
assemblées générales de la Société ou pour déterminer si les
résolutions écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

En cas d’associé unique, les articles 10.2 a 10.4 ne sont pas
applicables.

Sous réserve de dispositions plus strictes des présents statuts ou de
la Loi, les décisions collectives des associés de la Société ne seront
valablement adoptées que pour autant qu’elles auront été adoptées
par des associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette
majorité n’est pas atteinte à la première réunion ou consultation par
écrit, les associés sont convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois
par lettre recommandée avec le même ordre du jour et les décisions
sont prises à la majorité des votes valablement exprimés quelle que
soit la portion du capital représenté.

20


Article 11 Modification des statuts

Toute modification des statuts requiert l’accord des associés
représentant au moins les trois quarts du capital social.

Article 12 Changement de nationalité

Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une
résolution de l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée dans les
conditions requises pour une modification des présents statuts.

D. GERANCE
Article 13 Composition et pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

13.1 La Société peut être gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si la Société
a plusieurs gérants, les gérants forment un conseil de gérance.

13.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, le cas échéant et
lorsque le terme «gérant unique» n’est pas expressément
mentionné dans ces statuts, une référence au «conseil de
gérance» dans ces statuts devra être entendue comme une
référence au « gérant unique ».

13.3 Le conseil de gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour
agir au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire
ou utile pour l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à
l’exception des pouvoirs réservés par la Loi ou par les présents
statuts à l’assemblée générale des associés.

Article 14 Gestion journalière

La gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la Société
en rapport avec une telle gestion journalière peut être déléguée à un ou
plusieurs gérants, dirigeants ou autres agents, agissant individuellement ou
conjointement. Leur nomination, leur révocation et leurs pouvoirs seront
déterminés par une décision du conseil de gérance.

Article 15 Nomination, révocation des gérants et durée du mandat
des gérants

15.1 Les gérants sont nommés par l’assemblée générale des associés
qui détermine leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat.
L’assemblée générale des associés peut décider de nommer des
gérants de catégories différentes, à savoir des gérants de catégorie
A (les « Gérants de Catégorie A ») et des gérants de catégorie B
(les « Gérants de Catégorie B »). Toute référence faite ci-après aux
« gérants » doit s’interpréter comme une référence aux Gérants de
Catégorie A et/ou Gérants de Catégorie B en fonction du contexte et
le cas échéant.

15.2 Les gérants sont nommés et peuvent être librement révoqués a tout
moment, avec ou sans motif, par une décision des associés.

21


Article 16 Convocation aux réunions du conseil de gérance

16.1

16.2

16.3

Le conseil de gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout gérant. Les
réunions du conseil de gérance sont tenues au siège social de la
Société sauf indication contraire dans la convocation a la réunion.

Une convocation écrite a toute réunion du conseil de gérance doit
être donné aux gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures a
l’avance par rapport a l’heure fixée dans la convocation, sauf en cas
d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et les motifs d’une telle urgence
seront mentionnés dans la convocation. Une telle convocation peut
être omise en cas d’accord écrit de chaque gérant, par télécopie,
courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication.
Une copie d’un tel document signé constituera une preuve suffisante
d’un tel accord. Aucune convocation préalable ne sera exigée pour
un conseil de gérance dont le lieu et l’heure auront été déterminés
par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent conseil de
gérance, communiquée à tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans l’hypothèse où
tous les gérants seront présents ou représentés à un conseil de
gérance et renonceraient aux formalités de convocation ou dans
l’hypothèse de décisions écrites et approuvées par tous les
membres du conseil de gérance.

Article 17 Conduite des réunions du conseil de gérance

17.1

17.2

17.3

17.4

Le conseil de gérance peut élire un président du conseil de gérance
parmi ses membres. Il peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui
peut ne pas être membre du conseil de gérance et qui sera chargé
de tenir les procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance.

Le président du conseil de gérance, s’il y en a un, préside toutes les
réunions du conseil de gérance. En son absence, le conseil de
gérance peut nommer provisoirement un autre gérant en qualité de
président temporaire par un vote a la majorité des gérants présents
ou représentés à la réunion.

Tout gérant peut se faire représenter à chaque réunion du conseil de
gérance en désignant tout autre gérant comme son mandataire par
écrit, ou par télécopie, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de
communication, une copie du mandat en constituant une preuve
sufﬁsante. Un gérant peut représenter un ou plusieurs gérants, mais
non la totalité des membres du conseil de gérance.

Les réunions du conseil de gérance peuvent également se tenir de
manière exceptionnelle par conférence téléphonique ou
visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de s'entendre
mutuellement sans discontinuité, garantissant une participation
effective à cette réunion. La participation a une réunion par ces
moyens équivaut à une participation en personne.

22


17.5

17.6

17.7

Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou statuer valablement que
si au moins la moitié de ses membres est présente ou représentée à
une réunion du conseil de gérance. Néanmoins, si le conseil de
gérance a moins de trois (3) membres, il ne peut délibérer ou statuer
valablement que si tous ses membres sont présents ou représentés
à une réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où
l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des gérants de
catégories différentes, le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou
agir valablement que si au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un
(1) Gérant de Catégorie B est présent ou représenté à la réunion du
conseil de gérance.

Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des gérants présents
ou représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans
l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des
gérants de catégories différentes, les décisions doivent être
adoptées par une majorité de gérants présents ou représentés
comprenant au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant
de Catégorie B. Le président du conseil de gérance, le cas échéant,
ne dispose pas d’une voix prépondérante.

Le conseil de gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des décisions par
résolution circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit, par
télécopie, par courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de
communication. Chaque gérant peut exprimer son consentement
séparément, l’ensemble des consentements attestant de l'adoption
des décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la dernière
signature.

Article 18 Conflit d’intérêts

18.1

18.2

18.3

Sauf dispositions contraires de la Loi, tout gérant qui a, directement
ou indirectement, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale opposé à celui de
la Société a l’occasion d’une opération relevant du conseil de
gérance est tenu d’en prévenir le conseil de gérance et de faire
mentionner cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal de la séance. Le
gérant concerné ne peut prendre part ni aux discussions relatives à
cette opération, ni au vote y afférent. Ce conflit d’intérêts doit
également faire l’objet d’un rapport aux associés, lors de la
prochaine assemblée générale des associés, et avant toute prise de
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés sur tout autre point à
l’ordre du jour.

Lorsque la Société comprend un gérant unique, les opérations
conclues entre la Société et ce gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à
celui de la Société doivent être mentionnées dans la décision du
gérant unique.

Lorsque, en raison d’un conﬂit d’intérêts, le nombre de gérants
requis afin de délibérer valablement n’est pas atteint, le conseil de

23


gérance peut décider de déférer la décision sur ce point spécifique à
l’assemblée générale des associés.

18.4 Les règles régissant le conflit d’intérêts ne s’appliquent pas lorsque
la décision du conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique se rapporte à
des opérations courantes, conclues dans des conditions normales.

Article 19 Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance;
procès-verbaux des décisions du gérant unique

19.1 Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du conseil de gérance
seront signés par (i) le président, s’il y en a un, ou en son absence,
par le président temporaire, et le secrétaire (s’il y en a un) ou (ii) par
deux (2) gérants ou par un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1)
Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant. Les copies ou extraits de ces
procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou autre seront,
le cas échéant, signés par le président le cas échéant, ou par deux
(2) gérants ou par un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie B, le cas échéant

19.2 Les décisions du gérant unique sont retranscrites dans des procès-
verbaux qui seront signés par le gérant unique. Les copies ou
extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice
ou dans tout autre contexte seront signés par le gérant unique.

Article 20 Rapports avec les tiers

20.1 La Société sera valablement engagée à l’égard des tiers en toutes
circonstances (i) par la signature du gérant unique, ou, si la Société
a plusieurs gérants, (i) par la seule signature de tout gérant, ou (ii)
par la signature conjointe ou la seule signature de toutes personnes
auxquelles un tel pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par le
conseil de gérance, dans les limites de cette délégation.

20.2 Dans les limites de la gestion journalière, la Société est engagée à
l’égard des tiers par la signature de toutes les personnes auxquelles
un tel pouvoir aura été délégué par le conseil de gérance, agissant
individuellement ou conjointement dans les limites d’une telle
délégation.

E. AUDIT ET SURVEILLANCE
Article 21 Commissaire(s) — Réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s)

21.1 Dans l’hypothèse où, et tant que la Société comporte plus de
soixante (60) associés, les opérations de la Société seront
surveillées par un ou plusieurs commissaires. L'assemblée générale
des associés désigne les commissaires et détermine la durée de
leurs fonctions.

21.2 Un commissaire pourra être révoqué a tout moment, sans préavis,
avec ou sans motif, par l'assemblée générale des associés.

21.3 Le commissaire a un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanents sur toutes les opérations de la Société.

24


21.4 Si les associés de la Société désignent un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19
décembre 2002 concernant le registre de commerce et des sociétés
ainsi que la comptabilité et les comptes annuels des entreprises,
telle que modifiée, la fonction de commissaire ne sera plus requise.

21.5 Le réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne pourra être révoqué par
l'assemblée générale des associés que pourjuste motif ou avec son
accord.

F. EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS — AFFECTATION
DES BENEFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DlVlDENDES

Article 22 Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier de chaque
année et se termine le trente-et-un décembre de la même année.

Article 23 Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices

23.1 Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés et le
conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la
Société, le bilan et le compte de profits et pertes, conformément a la
loi.

23.2 Sur les bénéfices annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent (5%) au
moins seront affectés a la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera
d'étre obligatoire dès que et tant que le montant total de la réserve
légale de la Société atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital social
de la Société.

23.3 Les sommes apportées a une réserve de la Société peuvent
également être affectées à la réserve légale.

23.4 En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la Société
pourra être réduite en proportion afin qu'elle n'excède pas dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social.

23.5 Sur proposition du conseil de gérance, l'assemblée générale des
associés décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéﬁces distribuables
de la Société conformément à la Loi et aux présents statuts.

23.6 Les distributions aux associés sont effectuées en proportion du
nombre de parts sociales qu’ils détiennent dans la Société.

Article 24 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission et primes
assimilées

24.1 Le conseil de gérance peut procéder au paiement d’acomptes sur
dividendes conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

24.2 Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée ou réserve distribuable peut
être librement distribuée aux associés conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi et aux présents statuts.

25


G. LIQUIDATION
Article 25 Liquidation

En cas de dissolution de la Société, conformément à l’article 3.2 des
présents statuts, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs
nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé de cette
dissolution et qui fixera les pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des
liquidateurs. Sauf dispositions contraires, les liquidateurs disposeront des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation de l’actif et du passif de la
Société.

H. DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 26 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts, sera déterminé en
conformité avec la Loi.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

1. Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution de la
Société et se terminera le trente-et-un décembre deux mille dix-neuf.

2. Des acomptes sur dividendes pourront être distribués pendant le
premier exercice social de la Société.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les un million deux cent mille (1.200.000) nouvelles parts sociales émises
ont été entièrement souscrites par Tasty Midco S.à r.l., susmentionnée,
pour un prix de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000).

Toutes les parts sociales ainsi souscrites ont été intégralement libérées par
voie d’apport en numéraire, de sorte que le montant de douze mille euros
(EUR 12.000) est dès à présent à la disposition de la Société, ce dont il a
été justifié au notaire soussigné.

L’apport global d’un montant de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000) est
entièrement affecté au capital social.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l’existence des conditions prévues
par ou posées par l’article 710-6 de la Loi et déclare expressément qu’elles
ont été remplies.

FRAIS

Le montant des dépenses, frais, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa charge en
raison de sa constitution est évalué à environ mille cent euros (EUR 1.100).

RESOLUTIONS DES ASSOCIES

L’associé fondateur, représentant l'intégralité du capital social de la Société
et ayant renoncé aux formalités de convocation, a adopté les résolutions
suivantes :

26


1. L'adresse du siège social de la Société est établie au 2, rue Edward
Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg.

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées gérant pour une durée
indéterminée :

(i) Kristin Hall, née à New York (Etats-Unis) le 3 octobre 1988,
résidant professionnellement a 100 Pall Mall, London SW1Y
5NQ, Royaume Uni est nommée Gérant ;

(ii) Dr. Wolfgang Zettel, né a Constance (Germany) le 15
Novembre 1962, résidant professionnellement a 2, rue Edward
Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg est nommé Gérant ; et

(iii) Stefan Lambert, né à Trèves (Germany) le 8 janvier 1964,
résidant professionnellement a 2, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540
Luxembourg est nommé Gérant.

Dont acte, passé à Luxembourg, à la date figurant en tête des présentes.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate sur demande
de la comparante que le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise suivi
d'une traduction en français ; a la demande de la même comparante et en
cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais
fait foi.

L'acte ayant été lu au mandataire de la comparante connue du notaire
instrumentant par nom, prénom, et résidence, ledit mandataire de la
comparante a signé avec le notaire le présent acte.

(signé) P. RECKINGER, DELOSCH.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 07 décembre 2018
Relation : 1LAC/2018/39732

Reçu soixante-quinze (75.-) euros

Le Receveur, (s) : P. MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme, délivrée aux ﬁns de la publication au RESA.

Luxembourg, le 02 janvier 2019

27


