Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : B230566

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.60
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Cresco Station 1 S.C.A.
Société en commandite par actions

Siège social : 6, rue d’Arlon
L-8399 Windhof

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE

DU 14 DECEMBRE 2018
NUMERO : 2649/2018

 

ln the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fourteenth of December.
Before the undersigned Maître Martine SCHAEFFER, notary residing in
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

There appeared:

1.- Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) formed and existing under the laws of
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 6, rue d’Arlon, L-8399 Windhof,
registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Luxembourg under
number B. 222 473 (the “Unlimited Shareholder”),

hereby represented by Mr Liridon ELSHANI, private employee, having his
professional address at 74, avenue Victor Hugo, L-1750 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, by virtue of a power of attorney given under private
seal.

2.- Mr. Alexander Gunter Buerk, with private address at 50, Maldon
road, London W3 682, United Kingdom

3.- Mr. Daniel Schuldig, with private address at 17, avenue de
l’annonciade, 98000 Monaco

(Mr. Alexander Gunter Buerk and Mr. Daniel Schuldig are the “Limited
Shareholders”, together with the Unlimited Shareholder being referred to
hereafter as the “Shareholders”),

hereby represented by Mr Liridon ELSHANI prenamed, by virtue of two
proxies given under private seal.

The prenamed proxies, initialled "ne varietur" by the appearing persons
and the undersigned notary shall remain annexed to the present deed to be
filed with the registration authorities.

Such appearing parties have requested the notary to draw up the following
Articles of Incorporation of a corporate partnership limited by shares (Société
en Commandite par Actions) which they declared to organize among
themselves.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Chapter l — Name, Duration, Object, Registered Office

1


Article 1.- Form — corporate name

There is hereby established among Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., in its
capacity as sole Unlimited Shareholder of the Company (herein referred to
as the "General Partner" or the "Unlimited Shareholder") and all persons
who will become owners of the shares mentioned hereafter, a Luxembourg
company (the “Company”) under the form of a “Société en Commandite par
Actions” governed by the present articles of incorporation (the “Articles”), by
the laws of Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and in particular the law of August
10th, 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the “Law”) as well as by
any agreement entered into between the shareholders from time to time (the
“Shareholders Agreement”).

The Company is hereby formed under the name "Cresco Station 1
S.C.A.".

Article 2. - Duration

The Company is established for an unlimited period from the date hereof.
The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the Shareholders adopted
in the manner required for amendment of the Articles.

Article 3. - Object

The object of the Company is the acquisition of shareholdings, in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in
any form whatsoever and the management of such shareholdings. The
Company may in particular acquire by subscription, purchase, and exchange
or in any other way, any stock, securities, bonds, debentures, certificates of
deposit or other debt instrument and more generally any securities and
financial instruments issued by any public or private entity whatsoever. It may
participate in the creation, development, management and control of any
company or enterprise. It may further invest in the acquisition and control of
a portfolio of patents or other intellectual property rights of any nature or
origin whatsoever

The Company may borrow in any form. The Company may issue shares,
bonds and other securities representing debts or credits. The Company may
lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of debt
securities to its subsidiaries, affiliated companies or any other company it
being understood that the Company will not enter into any transaction which
would cause it to be engaged in any activity that would be considered as a
regulated activity of the financial sector. The Company may further pledge,
transfer, encumber or otherwise issue guarantees over all or over some of
its assets for the benefit of itself, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies or any
other company it being understood that the Company will not enter into any
transaction which would cause it to be engaged in any activity that would be
considered as a regulated activity of the financial sector.


The Company may perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial
investments or operations and, in general, all required actions and enter into
and/or perform any obligation in the context of any of the foregoing and in
particular (but without limitation) enter into any agreement with any party or
execute any document that it considers necessary or useful to fulfil its object
as well as all operations related directly or indirectly to facilitating the
achievement of its purpose in all areas described above.

Article 4. - Registered Office

The registered office of the Company (the "Registered Office") is
established in the municipality of Koerich.

The General Partner is authorized to change the address of the Company
inside the municipality of the statutory Registered Office or to any other place
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. For each transfer of the Registered
Office to another municipality, the General Partner shall have the power to
proceed with any formalities by way of a notarial deed (statement), in order
to reflect this change in the Articles.

The Registered Office may also be transferred to any other place in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by means of a resolution of an extraordinary
general meeting of its Shareholders deliberating in the manner provided for
amendments to the Articles.

Should a situation arise or be deemed imminent, whether military, political,
economic or social, which would prevent the normal activity at the Registered
Office of the Company, the Registered Office of the Company may be
temporarily transferred abroad until such time as the situation becomes
normalized; such temporary measures will not have any effect on this
Company's nationality, which, notwithstanding this temporary transfer of the
Registered Office, will remain a Luxembourg Company. The decision as to
the transfer abroad of the Registered Office will be taken by the General
Partner.

Chapter ll — Capital, Shares

Article 5. — Capital

5.1 The subscribed share capital of the Company is set at thirty-one
thousand and one euro (EUR 31 ,001 .-) divided into thirty-one thousand and
one (31,001) shares all of which have been subscribed for and are fully paid
up, and represented by:

- thirty thousand (30,000) ordinary shares with a nominal value of one
euro (EUR 1.-) each, (the "Ordinary Shares")

- one (1) unlimited share with a nominal value of one eur (EUR 1) each,
(the”Un|imited Share”),

- one hundred (100) class A shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class A Shares"),


- one hundred (100) class B shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class B Shares")

- one hundred (100) class C shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class C Shares")

- one hundred (100) class D shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class D Shares")

- one hundred (100) class E shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class E Shares")

- one hundred (100) class F shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class F Shares")

- one hundred (100) class G shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class G Shares")

- one hundred (100) class H shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class H Shares")

- one hundred (100) class l shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class l Shares")

- one hundred (100) class J shares with a nominal value of one euro (EUR
1.-) each, (the "Class J Shares").

All the Class A Shares, the Class B Shares, the Class C Shares, the Class
D Shares, the Class E Shares, the Class F Shares, the Class G Shares, the
Class H Shares, the Class l Shares and the Class J Shares will be collectively
referred to as the “Classes of Preference Shares” as the case may be, or
individually as a “Class of Preference Shares”. All the shares of the Classes
of Preference Shares are collectively referred to as the “Preference Shares”.

All the Preference Shares, the Ordinary Shares and the Unlimited Share
are collectively referred to as the “Shares” as the case may be, or individually
as a “Share”.

Each Share has nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) and with such rights
and obligations as set out in the present Articles and the Shareholders
Agreement.

Each Share confers an identical voting right and each shareholder has
voting rights commensurate to its shareholding unless othenNise agreed from
time to time in a Shareholders Agreement.

The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced by a
resolution of the Shareholders adopted in the manner required for
amendment of these Articles and by the Shareholders Agreement.

The share capital of the Company may be reduced through the
repurchase and cancellation of Shares including (but not exclusively) by the
cancellation of one or more entire Class of Preference Shares through the
repurchase and cancellation of all the shares in issue in such Class of
Preference Shares. In the case of repurchases and cancellations of Classes


of Preference Shares such cancellations and repurchases of shares shall be
made in the reverse alphabetical order (starting with Class J Shares).

In the event of a reduction of share capital through the repurchase and
the cancellation of a Class of Preference Shares (in the order provided for in
article 5 of the Articles), the rights of the holders of such Class of Preference
Shares will be limited to the Total Cancellation Amount, pro rata to their
holding in such class of Preference Shares unless otherwise agreed from
time to time in a Shareholders Agreement. The holders of Shares of the
repurchased and cancelled Class of Preference Shares shall receive from
the Company an amount equal to the Cancellation Value Per Share for each
Share of the relevant Class of Preference Shares held by them and
cancelled.

Upon the repurchase and cancellation of the Shares of the relevant Class
of Preference Shares, the Cancellation Value per Share will become due and
payable by the Company.

For the purpose of these Articles, the following capitalised terms shall
have the following meanings:

The “Cancellation Value Per Share” is calculated by dividing the Total
Cancellation Amount by the number of Shares in issue in the Class of
Preference Shares to be repurchased and cancelled unless otherwise
determined in the Shareholders Agreement.

The “Total Cancellation Amount” is an amount determined by the
General Partner on the basis of the relevant Interim Accounts. The Total
Cancellation Amount for each of the Class of Preference Shares shall be
limited to the Available Amount at the time of the cancellation of the relevant
class, but can be a lower amount to the extent resolved by the General
Partner or as provided for by the Shareholders Agreement

“Available Amount” means the total amount of net profits of the Company
(including carried forward profits), increased by (i) any share premium/capital
contribution without issue of shares (account 115 of the Luxembourg
standard chart of accounts) and freely distributable reserves and (ii) as the
case may be by the amount of the share capital reduction and legal reserve
reduction relating to the Class of Preference Shares to be cancelled but
reduced by (i) any losses (included carried forward losses) expressed as a
positive, (ii) any sums to be placed into reserve(s) pursuant to the
requirements of law or the Articles or the Shareholders Agreement and (iii)
any Profit Entitlement (without for the avoidance of doubt, any double
counting) so that:


AA=(NP+ P+ CR)—(L+ LR+ PE)

Whereby:

AA = Available Amount

NP = net profits (including carried forward profits)

P = any share premium/capital contribution without issue of shares
(account 115 of the Luxembourg standard chart of accounts) and freely
distributable reserves

CR = the amount of the share capital reduction and legal reserve
reduction relating to the Class of Preference Shares to be cancelled

L = losses (including carried forward losses) expressed as a positive

LR = any sums to be placed into reserve(s) pursuant to the requirements
of law or of the Articles or the Shareholders Agreement

PE = Profit Entitlement

“Interim Accounts” means the interim accounts of the Company as at the
relevant Interim Account Date.

“Interim Accounts Date” means the date no earlier than thirty (30) days
but not later than ten (10) days before the date of the repurchase and
cancellation of the relevant Class of Preference Shares.

“Profit Entitlement” means the dividends allocated to the other classes
of Shares (Ordinary Shares and the other Classes of Preference Shares) not
redeemed, to the extent accrued and unpaid at the time of the redemption.

5.2 In addition to the share capital, there may be set up a premium
account, into which any premium paid on any Share is transferred.

Decisions as to the use of the share premium account are to be taken by
the shareholders subject to the Law, these Articles and the Shareholders
Agreement.

The Company may, without limitation, accept equity or other contributions
without issuing Shares or other securities in consideration forthe contribution
and may credit the contributions to one or more accounts. Decisions as to
the use of any such accounts are to be taken by the Shareholders subject to
the Law, these Articles and the Shareholders Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, any such decision may, but need not, allocate any amount
contributed to the contributor in accordance with the Shareholders
Agreement.

5.3 The authorised capital is fixed at two million and one euro (EUR
2,000,001.-) represented by one (1) Unlimited Share and two million
(2,000,000.-) shares as Ordinary Shares or of any Class of Preference
Shares having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) each.

6


The General Partner is authorised and empowered, within the limits of the
authorised capital, to (i) realise any increase of the issued capital in one or
several successive tranches by the issuing of new shares, with or without
share premium, against payment in cash or in kind, by conversion of claims
on the Company or in any other manner (provided always that if new shares
are issued, such shares are allotted to existing shareholders or persons that
the existing shareholders have agreed to accept as new shareholders of the
Company in accordance with the Law and the Shareholders Agreement) (ii)
determine the place and date of the issue or successive issues, the issue
price, class of shares if applicable, the terms and conditions of the
subscription of and paying up on the new shares.

This authorisation is valid during a period of five (5) years from the date
of publication of the deed of incorporation of the Company and it may be
renewed by a resolution of the Shareholders adopted in the manner required
for amendment of the Articles.

Following each increase of the issued capital within the limits of the
authorised capital, article 5 will be modified so as to reflect the actual capital
increase. Such modification will be recorded in a notarial deed upon the
instructions of the General Partner or of any person duly authorised and
empowered by the General Partner for this purpose.

5.4. The Company may acquire its own shares (other than the Unlimited
Share) within the limits laid down by the Law, the Articles and the
Shareholders Agreement. In no circumstances may a shareholder request
the Company for the redemption of its shares.

Article 6- Transfer of Shares

Any transfer of Shares shall be made in accordance with the Law, the
Articles and the Shareholders Agreement, shall require the approval of the
General Partner and shall be notified to the Company.

Article 7. - Form of shares.

The Shares shall exclusively be in registered form.

A register of registered Shares shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it will be available for inspection by any Shareholder. This
register will contain all the information required by the Law. Ownership of
registered shares will be established by inscription in the said register.

The Company shall consider the person in whose name the Shares are
registered as the full owner of the Shares.

If a registered Shareholder does not provide any address where the
notices and information issued by the Company can be sent, this should be
mentioned in the Shareholders' register and the address of the Shareholder
shall be supposed to be the Registered Office of the Company or another
address which shall be registered until such holder provides another address
to the Company.


Towards the Company, the Company’s Shares are indivisible, since only
one owner is admitted per Share. Joint co-owners have to appoint a sole
person as their representative towards the Company.

Payments on Shares not fully paid up at the time of subscription may be
made at the time and upon conditions which the General Partner shall from
time to time determine. Any amount called up on Shares will be charged
equally on all outstanding Shares which are not fully paid up.

Chapter III. - Management and Supervisory Board.

Article 8. - Management.

The Company shall be managed by Cresco Terra Holdings S.a r.l., in its
capacity as General Partner and sole Unlimited Shareholder of the
Company.

The General Partner may consult the Supervisory Board pursuant to
Article 15 of the Articles.

The General Partner may enter into administration and management
agreements with and on behalf of the Company.

Article 9. - Powers of the General Partner.

The General Partner is vested with the broadest powers to perform all
acts necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company’s object.

Article 10. - Delegation of powers

The General Partner may delegate its powers for specific tasks to one or
several persons (“Manager(s)”). Each Manager may accomplish, in the
name of the Company, all acts necessary or useful for the achievement of
the Company’s object.

The General Partner shall determine the Managers’ responsibilities and
remuneration (if any), the duration of representation and any other relevant
conditions of this agency.

The General Partner and/or each Manager are each authorized to sub-
delegate their powers to one or more delegate(s) who will only be liable for
the execution of their mandate.

Article 11.-. Representation.

The Company will be bound towards third party by the single signature of
the General Partner, represented by its legal representatives or any delegate
appointed in compliance with the articles of the General Partner, or by the
single signature of any Manager, if any, in the framework of its delegated
powers. This shall include and apply, in particular, to the payment of
investment management fees or other fees, costs and disbursements by the
Company to the General Partner.

Article 12. - Removal of the General Partner.

The General Partner may be removed at any time in the event of gross
negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud or a material breach of these Articles
or other obligations to the Company or to the Limited Shareholders, which

8


breach has been assessed as such by an expert opinion of a law firm of
international reputation in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg selected, on the
part of the General Partner, , by a resolution of the Shareholders adopted in
the manner required for amendment of the Articles and subject to the
selection and approval of a replacement general partner acquiring the
Unlimited Shares.

The General Partner may not voluntarily withdraw as the general partner
of the Company without a replacement general partner being found and
without a resolution of the Shareholders adopted in the manner required for
amendment of the Articles and subject to the selection and approval of a
replacement general partner acquiring the Unlimited Shares.

The Company shall not be automatically dissolved in case of dissolution,
legal incapacity, resignation, impediment, bankruptcy or any other situation
of concurrence of the General Partner.

In case of either situation or event provided for in Article 12 §1St, the
president of the district court (Tribunal d’Arrondissement) of Luxembourg
dealing in commercial matters shall, at the request of any interested party
and on the basis of the Law, appoint a provisional administrator, who does
not need to be a Shareholder. The provisional administrator shall convene
an extraordinary general meeting of Shareholders in accordance with the
Articles within fifteen (15) Business Days of his or her appointment.

The duties of the provisional administrator consist of performing urgent
acts and acts of ordinary administration until such time as the general
meeting of Shareholders has appointed one or more new General Partner(s).

Article 13. - Limited Shareholder’s rights

The Limited Shareholders may not carry out any management act vis-a-
vis of third parties.

Each Limited Shareholder is, toward third parties, jointly and severally
liable for all liabilities of the Company in which he/she/it has participated in
violation of the prohibition provided for in the preceding paragraph.

Each Limited Shareholder is also jointly and severally liable towards third
parties, even for the commitments in which he/she/it did not participate, if
he/she/it used to perform management acts toward those third parties.

The following acts are not considered management acts for which the
Limited Shareholders are liable in accordance with Clause 13 §2, (i) the
exercise of shareholder rights, (ii) the opinions and advice given to the
Company, its affiliates or their respective managers, (ii) control and
supervisory acts, (iv) the granting of loans, guarantees or securities or any
other assistance to the Company, or its affiliates, and (v) the authorizations
given to the General Partner in the cases provided in the Articles for the acts
exceeding their powers.

Article 14. - Liability of the Shareholders and the General Partner

9


The General Partner as Unlimited Shareholder shall be jointly and
severally liable with the Company for all liabilities of the Company which
cannot be met out of the Company's assets.

Without prejudice to Article13 §2 and §3, the Limited Shareholders shall
only be liable to the amount of either their contribution to the Company or
their commitment to the Company.

The Manager(s) that do not have the capacity of a General Partner are
only liable for the execution of their mandate and the misconducts committed
in their management.

Article 15. - Supervisory Board

Except where according to the laws, the Company’s annual statutory
and/or consolidated accounts must be or are audited by an independent
auditor, the business of the Company and its financial situation, including
more in particular its books and accounts, shall be supervised by a
supervisory board of at least three members, elected by the general meeting
of Shareholders, for a period not exceeding six years (the "Supervisory
Board").

They may be removed at any time and withoutjustification by a resolution
of the general meeting of Shareholders.

They will remain in function until their successors have been appointed.

In case a member of the Supervisory Board is elected without mention of
the term of his mandate, he is deemed to be elected for 6 years from the date
of his election.

For the carrying of its supervisory duties, the Supervisory Board shall have
the powers of a statutory auditor, as provided for by the Law.

The members of the Supervisory Board shall neither participate nor
interfere with the management of the Company but may advise the General
Partner on such matters as the General Partner may determine.

Chapter IV. - General meeting of shareholders

Article 16. - Powers of the general meeting of shareholders.

Any regularly constituted meeting of Shareholders of the Company shall
represent the entire body of Shareholders of the Company.

The meeting of Shareholders shall deliberate only on the matters, which
are not reserved to the General Partner by the Articles or by the Law or by
the Shareholders Agreement.

Article 17 - Annual general meeting.

The annual general meeting of Shareholders shall be held at the
registered office of the Company or any other place in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg at the date and time as specified in the notice of the meeting.

Article 18- Other general meeting(s).

The other general meetings of Shareholders may be held at a time and a
place as specified in the notice of meetings. Such meetings must be

10


convened if shareholders representing at least ten percent (10%) of the
Company’s capital so require. Unless otherwise provided herein, the
convening notice and the general meetings shall be subject to the conditions
and delays foreseen by the Law.

Article 19 - Convening notice and vote.

The general meeting may be convened by way of a notice fixing the
agenda of the meeting sent by registered letter, mail fax or email at least
eight days before the meeting in compliance with the Law or the Articles.

Unless otherwise provided by the Law or by the Articles, all resolutions by
the annual or ordinary general meeting of Shareholders are adopted by
simple majority of the shares present or represented, regardless of the
proportion of the capital represented, provided that the consenting vote of
the General Partner shall be required for such resolutions to be adopted.

An extraordinary general meeting convened to amend any provisions of
the Articles shall not validly deliberate unless at least one half of the capital
is represented and the agenda indicates the proposed amendments to the
Articles and, where applicable, the text of those which concern the object or
the form of the Company. If the first of these conditions is not satisfied, a
second meeting may be convened, in the manner prescribed by the Articles
or by the Law. Such convening notice shall reproduce the agenda and
indicate the date and the results of the previous meeting. The second
meeting shall validly deliberate regardless of the proportion of the capital
represented. At both meetings, resolutions, in order to be adopted, must be
carried by at least two-thirds of the votes cast of the Shareholders present or
represented, and subject to the approval of the General Partner. Votes cast
shall not include votes attaching to shares in respect of which the
shareholder has not taken part in the vote or has abstained or has returned
a blank or invalid vote.

However, the commitments of the Shareholders may be increased only
with the unanimous consent of all the Shareholders (including the General
Partner) and in compliance with any other legal requirement.

The approval of the General Partner shall not be required with regards to
resolutions concerning the removal of the General Partner for cause in
accordance with article 12 of the Articles.

Article 20 - Attendance, Representation.

Any Share, being Unlimited Share or being Limited Share, is carrying one
voting right in the general meeting.

A Shareholder may act at any general meeting, even the annual general
meeting of Shareholders, by appointing another person as his/her proxy in
writing including by letter, fax or email.

The use of video-conferencing equipment and conference call shall be
allowed provided that each Shareholder or the representatives of each

11


Shareholder participating, being able to hear and to be heard by all other
participating. Shareholders using this technology shall be deemed to be
present and shall be authorized to vote by video or by telephone.

After deliberation, votes may also be cast in writing or by fax or telegram
or telex or by telephone provided in such latter event such vote is confirmed
in writing.

If all the Shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting of
Shareholders and if they state that they have been informed of the agenda
of the meeting, the meeting may be held without prior written notice.

Chapter V. - Business year, Distribution of profits.

Article 21 .-. Business year.

The business year of the Company begins on the first day of January and
ends on the last day of December of each year.The General Partner draws
up the balance sheet and the profit and loss account. The General Partner
submits these documents together with a report of the operations of the
Company at least one month prior to the annual general meeting of
Shareholders to the Supervisory Board who shall make a report containing
comments on such documents.

Article 22. - Distribution of profits.

22.1 The annual net profit determined each year in accordance with the
applicable legal provisions and accounting principles shall be allocated as
follows:

- each year at least five per cent of the net profits have to be allocated
to the legal reserve account. This allocation is no longer mandatory if and as
long as such legal reserve amounts to at least one tenth of the capital of the
Company;

- after allocation to the legal reserve and subject to any mandatory
provision of the Law, remaining profits shall, subject to the approval of the
General Partner, be distributed to the Shareholders in accordance with the
following paragraphs and the Shareholders Agreement.

22.2 In the event of a distribution, the amounts distributed shall be
allocated and paid as follows:

- the holder(s) of the Ordinary Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 11% of the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class A Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 10% of the nominal value of the Class A Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class B Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 9% of the nominal value of the Class B Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class C Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 8% of the nominal value of the Class C Shares; then

12


- the holder(s) of the Class D Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 7% of the nominal value of the Class D Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class E Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 6% of the nominal value of the Class E Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class F Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 5% of the nominal value of the Class F Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class G Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 4% of the nominal value of the Class G Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class H Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 3% of the nominal value of the Class H Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class l Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 2% of the nominal value of the Class l Shares; then

- the holder(s) of the Class J Shares shall be entitled to a dividend equal
to 1% of the nominal value of the Class J Shares.

The balance of the total distributed amount shall be allocated in its entirety
to the holders of the last Class in the reverse alphabetical order (i.e. first
Class J Shares, then if no Class J Shares are in existence, Class H Shares
etc).

If the dividends referred to above as annual fixed dividends are not
declared or paid during one or more particular year(s), the fixed dividend
entitlement shall be rolled-over and shall continue to accrue the following
year(s).

Any amount allocated to a specific Class of Preference Shares shall be
distributed between the Shareholders pro rata to their respectice
shareholding in such Class of Preference Shares unless otherwise agreed
from time to time in a Shareholders Agreement.

The General Partner may resolve to pay interim dividends in accordance
with the terms prescribed by the Law, these Articles and the Shareholders
Agreement.

The share premium account may be distributed to the shareholders in
accordance with the provisions set forth hereabove and any amount out of
the share premium account can be allocated to the legal reserve account.

Chapter VI. - Dissolution, Liquidation.

Article 23.-. Dissolution, Liquidation.

The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the Shareholders
voting in the same quorum and majority as for the amendment of the Articles.

In the event of dissolution of the Company, liquidation shall be carried out
by one or more liquidators (who may be natural persons or legal entities)
appointed by the general meeting of Shareholders who will determine their
powers and their compensation.

13


After payment of all the debts of and charges against the Company and
the expenses of liquidation, the net liquidation proceeds shall be distributed
to the Shareholders in accordance with the distribution provisions provided
for in Article 22.

Chapter VII. - Applicable law.

Article 24. - Applicable law.

All matters not governed by these Articles shall be determined in
accordance with the Law and the Shareholders Agreement.

TRANSITORY PROVISION
The first accounting year shall begin on the date of this deed and shall
end on 31St December 2018.
The first annual general meeting will be held in 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT
The subscribers have subscribed as mentioned hereafter:

1) Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., prenamed, subscribes to
one (1) share of the General Partner, having a nominal value of one Euro
(EUR 1.-) each, and fully pays the said share by way of a contribution in cash
of an amount of one Euro (EUR 1.-);

2) Mr. Alexander Gunter Buerk, prenamed, subscribes to the
following shares:

- fifteen thousand (15,000) Ordinary Shares

- fifty (50) Class A Shares,

- fifty (50) Class B Shares

- fifty (50) Class C Shares

- fifty (50) Class D Shares

- fifty (50) Class E Shares

- fifty (50) Class F Shares

- fifty (50) Class G Shares

- fifty (50) Class H Shares

- fifty (50) Class l Shares

- fifty (50) Class J Shares

having a nominal value of Euro (EUR 1.-) each, and fully pays the said
shares by way of a contribution in cash of an amount of fifteen thousand five
hundred Euro (EUR 15,500. -);

3) Mr. Daniel Schuldig, prenamed, subscribes to the following
shares:
- fifteen thousand (15,000) Ordinary Shares

14


- fifty (50) Class A Shares,

- fifty (50) Class B Shares

- fifty (50) Class C Shares

- fifty (50) Class D Shares

- fifty (50) Class E Shares

- fifty (50) Class F Shares

- fifty (50) Class G Shares

- fifty (50) Class H Shares

- fifty (50) Class l Shares

- fifty (50) Class J Shares

having a nominal value of Euro (EUR 1.-) each, and fully pays the said
shares by way of a contribution in cash of an amount of fifteen thousand five
hundred Euro (EUR 15,500. -);

Evidence of the above cash payments, as listed under items 1) to 4), has
been given by a bank certificate to the undersigned notary, who expressly
acknowledges the availability of the amount of thirty-one thousand and one
Euro (EUR 31,001 .-).

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary herewith declares having verified the existence
of the conditions enumerated in the law dated 10th August, 1915, on
commercial companies, as amended and expressly states that they have
been fulfilled.

ESTIMATE

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will
have to be borne by the Partnership as a result of its incorporation are
estimated at approximately one thousand five hundred Euro (EUR 1,500.-).

First extraordinary general meeting of shareholders

The above Shareholders representing the totality of shares and
considering themselves as duly convened, have immediately proceeded to
hold an extraordinary general meeting of Shareholders and have
unanimously passed the following resolutions:

1. The Company's address is fixed at 6, rue d’Arlon, L- 8399 Windhof,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2. The number of members of the Supervisory Board is set at three.

3. The following persons are appointed as members of the Supervisory
Board until the general meeting of shareholders resolving on the annual
accounts as of 31 December 2022:

- Mr Andrew Williams, born on August 21, 1964 in Kuala Lumpur,
residing Flat 2, 31 Craig Road, Milford, Auckland 0620, New Zealand,

15


- Mr Jonathan Elkington, born on October 26, 1978 in London,
residing Chipchase Castle, Wark-On-Tyne, Northumberland, Hexam, NE48
3NT, UK,

- Mr Alexander Gunter Buerk, born on October 25, 1974 in
Washington, residing in 50, Maldon road, London, London W36SZ, United
Kingdom,

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the proxyholder of the appearing persons, the
present deed is worded in English followed by a French translation; on the
request of the proxyholder of the same appearing persons and in case of
divergences between the English and the French text, the English version
will be prevailing.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the
day named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
persons, known to the notary, by her surname, Christian name, civil status
and residence, the proxyholder of the persons appearing signed together
with the notary the present original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION EN FRANCAIS DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE

L'an deux mille dix huit, le quatorze décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Martine SCHAEFFER, notaire de résidence a
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Ont comparu:

1) Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., une société de droit Luxembourgeois,
ayant son siège social au 6, rue d’Arlon, L-8399 Windhof, enregistrée auprès
du Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg sour le numéro B.
222 473, (l'"Associé Commandité"),

lci représentée par Monsieur Liridon ELSHANI, employé privé, ayant son
adresse professionnelle au L-1750 Luxembourg, 74, avenue Victor Hugo,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en vertu d'une procuration donnée sous seing
privé.

2.- M. Alexander Gunter Buerk, avec adresse privée au 50, Maldon
road, London W3 682, Royaume-uni

3.- M. Daniel Schuldig, avec adresse privée au 17, avenue de
l’annonciade, 98000 Monaco

(M. Alexander Gunter Buerk et M. Daniel Schuldig sont désignés comme
les »Associés Commanditaires", et sont définis ci-apres ensemble avec
l'Associé Commandité comme les "Associés"),

16


lci représentés par Monsieur Liridon ELSHANI, prénommé, en vertu de
deux procurations données sous seing privé.

Lesdites procurations, après avoir été signées « ne varietur » par les
comparants et le notaire instrumentant, resteront annexées au présent acte
pour être enregistrées avec lui.

Lesquels comparants ont requis le notaire instrumentant de dresser acte
constitutif d'une société en commandite par actions de droit luxembourgeois
dont ils ont arrêté les statuts comme suit:

STATUTS
Titre | - Nom, Durée, Objet, Siège social

Article 1er.- Dénomination et forme

Il existe entre Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., en sa qualité d'Associé
Gérant Commandité unique de la Société (ci-après dénommé l' « Associé
Gérant Commandité » ou l' « Associé Commandité ») et tous ceux qui
deviendront propriétaires parla suite des actions mentionnées ci-après, une
société luxembourgeoise (la « Société ») sous forme de société en
commandite par actions régie par les présents statuts (les « Statuts »), par
les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et en particulier la loi du 10 août
1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la « Loi ») et par tout
contrat conclus entre les Associés de temps en temps (le « Pacte
d’Associés »).

La Société est constituée sous la dénomination de « Cresco Station 1
S.C.A. »

Article 2.- Durée

La Société est établie pour une durée illimitée, à compter de la date de la
présente. La Société peut être dissoute par décision des Associés statuant
conformément aux mêmes exigences de vote et de quorum qu'en matière
de modification des Statuts.

Article 3.- Objet

La Société a pour objet la prise de participations, tant au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg qu’à l’étranger, dans d’autres sociétés ou entreprises sous
quelque forme que ce soit et la gestion de ces participations. La Société
pourra en particulier acquérir par souscription, achat, et échange ou de toute
autre manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de participation,
obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et en général toutes valeurs ou
instruments financiers émis par toute entité publique ou privée. Elle pourra
participer a la création, au développement, a la gestion et au contrôle de
toute société ou entreprise. Elle pourra en outre investir dans l’acquisition et
la gestion d’un portefeuille de brevets ou d’autres droits de propriété
intellectuelle de quelque nature ou origine que ce soit

17


La Société pourra emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit. Elle pourra
procéder, à l’émission de parts et obligations et d’autres titres représentatifs
d’emprunts et/ou des émissions d’obligations. La Société peut octroyer des
prêts, y compris les produits de ses dettes ou placement obligataires a ses
filiales, sociétés affiliées ou toute autre société étant entendu que la Société
n'entrera dans aucune opération qui ferait qu'elle soit engagée dans toute
activité qui serait considérée comme une activité réglementée du secteur
financier. La Société pourra en outre gager, nantir, céder, grever de charges
et sûretés toute ou partie de ses avoirs ou créer, de toute autre manière des
sûretés portant sur toute ou partie de ses avoirs, pour son propre bénéfice,
celui de ses filiales, sociétés affiliées ou toute autre société étant entendu
que la Société n'entrera dans aucune opération qui ferait qu'elle soit engagée
dans toute activité qui serait considérée comme une activité réglementée du
secteur financier.

La Société peut réaliser toutes opérations légales, commerciales,
techniques ou financières et procéder en général a toutes actes nécessaires
et conclure et/ou réaliser toute obligation dans tout contexte ci-dessus et
notamment (sans limitation) conclure tout accord avec tout contractant ou
signer tout document qu’elle estime nécessaire ou utile à l'accomplissement
de son objet social ou en relation directe ou indirecte avec tous les secteurs
prédécrits, de manière à faciliter l'accomplissement de celui-ci. La Société
peut également créer, acquérir, développer, vendre, concéder des licences,
échanger ou s'intéresser de quelque manière que ce soit a tous les brevets,
marques de fabrique ou de commerce et a tout autre droit de propriété
intellectuelle et immatérielle, ainsi que tout autre droit attaché ou connexe.

Article 4.- Siège social

Le siège social de la Société (le « Siège social ») est établi à la commune
de Koerich (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg).

L'Associé Gérant Commandité est autorisé à transférer le Siège Social de
la Société a l'intérieur de la commune du Siège Social statutaire ou a
n’importe quel endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg. Pour chaque
transfert de Siège Social dans une autre commune, l’Associé Gérant
Commandité a le pouvoir de procéder à toutes les formalités par voie d’un
acte notarié (constat), afin de refléter ce changement dans les Statuts.

Le Siège Social pourra être également transféré ultérieurement à
n'importe quel endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution
de l'assemblée générale extraordinaire des Associés adoptée selon la
manière requise pour la modification des Statuts.

Lorsqu'il est estimé que des développements ou événements politiques,
économiques, sociaux ou militaires extraordinaires de nature à
compromettre l'activité normale au siège social sont imminents, le siège
social peut être provisoirement transféré à l'étranger jusqu'a la cessation

18


complète de ces circonstances extraordinaires. De telles mesures
temporaires n'auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, qui,
nonobstant le transfert temporaire de son siège social, restera une société
de droit luxembourgeois. La décision relative au transfert du Siège social a
l'étranger sera prise par l'Associé Gérant Commandité.

Titre II — Capital - Actions

Article 5.- Capital

5.1 Le capital social est fixé à EUR 31 .001,- (trente et un mille un euros)
représenté par 31.001 (trente et un mille une) Actions, toutes entièrement
souscrites et libérées et représentées par :

- trente mille (30.000) actions ordinaires d’une valeur nominale
d’un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions Ordinaires ») ;

- 1 (une) action de l'Associé Gérant Commandité d’une valeur
nominale d’un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (la « Action de Commandité ») ;

- cent (100) actions de catégorie A d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie A») ;

- cent (100) actions de catégorie B d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie B ») ;

- cent (100) actions de catégorie C d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie C »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie D d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie D »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie E d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie E »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie F d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie F »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie G d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie G »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie H d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie H »);

- cent (100) actions de catégorie | d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie | »); et

- cent (100) actions de catégorie J d’une valeur nominale d’un
euro (EUR 1,-) chacune (les « Actions de Catégorie J »).

Toutes les Actions de Catégorie A, les Actions de Catégorie B, les Actions
de Catégorie C, les Actions de Catégorie D, les Actions de Catégorie E, les
Actions de Catégorie F, les Actions de Catégorie G, les Actions de Catégorie
H, les Actions de Catégorie | et les Actions de catégorie J seront
collectivement dénommées les «Catégories d’Actions Préférentielles»
selon le cas, ou individuellement comme une «Catégorie d’Actions
Préférentielles». Toutes les actions des Catégories d’Actions
Préférentielles sont dénommées les « Actions Préférentielles ».

19


Toutes les Catégories d’Actions Préférentielles et les Actions Ordinaires
sont collectivement appelées les «Actions» le cas échéant, ou
individuellement une «Action».

Chaque Action a une valeur nominale de un euro (EUR 1) et aura les
droits et obligations tels que définis dans les Statuts ou le Pacte d’Associés.

Chaque Action confère un droit de vote identique et chaque Associé
dispose de droits de vote proportionnels a sa participation sauf s’il en est
disposé autrement de temps en temps dans le Pacte d’Associés.

Le capital de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une résolution
des Associés adoptée conformément aux mêmes exigences de vote et de
quorum qu'en matière de modification des Statuts et conformément au Pacte
d’Associés.

Le capital de la Société peut être réduit par le rachat et l’annulation
d’Actions, notamment (sans s’y limiter) par l’annulation d’une ou plusieurs
Catégories d’Actions Préférentielles par le rachat et l’annulation de toutes
les Actions émises dans cette Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles. En cas de
rachats et annulations de Catégories d’Actions Préférentielles, de tels
rachats et annulations d’actions doivent être réalisés dans l’ordre
alphabétique inverse (en commençant par les Actions de Catégorie J).

En cas de réduction du capital par rachat et annulation d’une Catégorie
d’Actions Préférentielles (dans l’ordre prévu à l’article 5 des Statuts), les
droits des détenteurs de cette Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles seront
limités au Montant d’Annulation Total, au prorata de leur participation dans
cette Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles, sauf accord contraire conclu de
temps a autre dans tout Pacte d’Associés. Les détenteurs d’Actions de la
Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles rachetée et annulée recevront de la
Société un montant égal à la Valeur d’Annulation par Action pour chaque
Action de la Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles concernée détenue par eux
et annulée.

Lors du rachat et de l’annulation des Actions de la Catégorie d’Actions
Préférentielles concernée, la Valeur d’Annulation par Action deviendra due
et payable parla Société.

Aux fins des présents Statuts, les termes en majuscules suivants ont les
significations suivantes:

La «Valeur d'Annulation par Action» est calculée en divisant le Montant
d'Annulation Total par le nombre d'Actions émises dans la Catégorie
d'Actions Préférentielles à racheter et annuler sauf s’il en est stipulé
autrement dans un Pacte d’Associés.

20


Le «Montant d’Annulation Total» est un montant déterminé par le
l’Associé Gérant Commandité sur la base des Comptes Intérimaires. Le
Montant d’AnnuIation Total pour chacune des Catégories d’Actions
Préférentielles sera limité au Montant Disponible au moment de l'annulation
de la catégorie pertinente mais peut être inférieur dans la mesure résolue
par l’Associé Gérant Commandité ou tel que prévu par le Pacte d’Associés.

"Montant Disponible" désigne le montant total des bénéfices nets de la
Société (y compris Ies bénéfices reportés), majoré (i) de toute prime
d'émission / apport en capital sans émission d'actions (compte 115 du plan
comptable général luxembourgeois) et réserves librement distribuables et (ii)
le cas échéant, du montant de la réduction du capital social et de la réduction
de la réserve légale relative à la Catégorie d'Actions Préférentielles à annuler
mais réduite (i) des pertes (pertes reportées incluses) exprimées en positif,
(ii) toutes sommes a mettre en réserve(s) conformément aux exigences de
la loi ou des Statuts ou du Pacte d'Associés et (iii) tout Droit aux Profits (pour
éviter tout doute, sans double comptage) de sorte que:

MD=(BN+P+RC)-(P+RL+DP)

Par lequel:

MD = Montant Disponible

BN = bénéfices nets (y compris les bénéfices reportés)

P = toute prime d'émission / apport en capital sans émission d'actions
(compte 115 du plan comptable général luxembourgeois) et les réserves
librement distribuables

RC = le montant de la réduction du capital social et de la réduction de la
réserve légale relative à la Catégorie d’Actions Préférentielles à annuler

P = pertes (y compris les pertes reportées) exprimées comme positives

RL = toute somme a placer dans une (des) réserve (s) conformément aux
exigences de la Loi, des Statuts ou du Pacte d’Associés

DP = Droit aux Profits

"Comptes Intérimaires" désigne Ies comptes intérimaires de la Société
a la Date des Comptes Intermédiaires correspondante.

"Date des Comptes Intérimaires" signifie la date au plus tôt trente (30)
jours mais au plus tard dix (10)jours avant la date du rachat et de l'annulation
de la Catégorie d'Actions concernée.

«Droit aux Profits» désigne les dividendes attribués aux autres
Catégories d'Actions (Actions Ordinaires et Catégories d’Actions
Préférentielles) non rachetées, dans la mesure où elles ils sont dus et
impayés au moment du rachat.

21


5.2 En plus du capital, il est possible de créer un compte de prime, sur
lequel sera transférée toute prime payée pour n'importe quelle Action.

Les décisions relatives à l’utilisation du compte de prime d’émission sont
prises par les Associés sous réserve de la Loi, des Statuts et du Pacte
d’Associés.

La Société peut, sans limitation, accepter des fonds des Associés ou
d’autres apports sans émission d’Actions ou autres titres en contrepartie de
l’apport et peut inscrire les apports dans un ou plusieurs comptes. Les
décisions relatives à l’utilisation de ces comptes sont prises par les Associés
sous réserve de la Loi, des Statuts et du Pacte d’Associés. Pour éviter tout
doute, une telle décision peut, mais ne doit pas nécessairement, allouer tout
montant apporté à l’apporteur conformément au Pacte d’Associés.

5.3 Le capital autorisé est fixé à deux millions et un euros (EUR
2.000.001,-) représenté par une (1) Action de Commandité et deux millions
(2.000.000) d’Action Ordinaires et d’Actions Préférentielles d’une valeur
nominale d’un Euro (EUR 1,-) chacune.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité est autorisé et mandaté, dans les limites
du capital autorisé, à (i) réaliser toute augmentation du capital émis en une
ou plusieurs fois en émettant de nouvelles actions, avec ou sans prime
d'émission, contre des apports en numéraire ou en nature, par conversion
de créances de la Société, ou de toute autre manière (à la condition que si
de nouvelles Actions sont émises, ces Actions soient allouées aux Associés
existants ou aux personnes que ces Associés ont accepté d’agréer comme
nouveaux associés de la Société selon les conditions de la Loi) ou au Pacte
d’Associés); (ii) fixer le lieu et la date de l'émission ou des émissions
successives, le prix d'émission, les conditions de la souscription et de la
libération des actions nouvelles.

Cette autorisation est valable pendant une période se terminant au
cinquième anniversaire de la date de publication du présent acte notarié et
peut être renouvelée par une décision de l'assemblée générale des associés
délibérant aux conditions de quorum et de majorité exigées par les Statuts.

A la suite de chaque augmentation du capital émis dans le cadre du
capital autorisé, réalisée et dûment constatée dans les formes prévues par
les Lois, l'article 5 sera modifié afin de refléter l'augmentation du capital. Une
telle modification sera constatée sous forme authentique selon les
instructions de l'Associé Gérant Commandité ou de toute personne dûment
autorisée et mandatée a cet effet par l'Associé Gérant Commandité.

5.4. La Société peut acquérir ses propres actions (autres que l'Action de
Commandité) dans les limites définies par la Loi, les Statuts et le Pacte
d’Associés. En aucun cas, un Associé ne peut demander a la société le
rachat de ses Actions.

22


Article 6 — Transfert d’Actions

Tout transfert d’Actions doit être réalisé conformément à la Loi, aux
Statuts et au Pacte d’Actionnaires, requiert l’approbation de l’Associé Gérant
Commandité et doit être notifié à la Société

Article 7.- Forme des actions

Les Actions sont émises sous forme nominative exclusivement.

ll est tenu au siège social de la Société un registre des Actions
nominatives, dont tout Associé pourra prendre connaissance. Ce registre
contiendra les indications prévues par la Loi. La propriété des actions
nominatives s'établit par une inscription sur ledit registre.

La société considère la personne au nom de laquelle les Actions sont
enregistrées comme ayant la pleine propriété des Actions.

Si un Associé inscrit ne fournit pas d'adresse a laquelle envoyer les
notifications et les informations émises par la Société, ce fait doit être
mentionné dans le registre des Associés et l'adresse de l'Associé est
supposée être celle du Siège social de la Société ou toute autre adresse qui
sera enregistrée jusqu'à ce que ledit titulaire fournisse une autre adresse à
la Société.

Les Actions de la Société sont indivisibles à l'égard de la Société qui ne
reconnaît qu'un seul propriétaire pour chacune d'elles. Les copropriétaires
indivis d'actions sont tenus de se faire représenter auprès de la Société par
une seule et même personne.

Les versements a effectuer sur les Actions non entièrement libérées lors
de leur souscription pourront se faire aux dates et aux conditions que
l'Associé Gérant Commandité déterminera de temps en temps. Tout
versement à effectuer sur des Actions sera imputé de façon égale sur toutes
les Actions en circulation qui ne sont pas entièrement libérées.

Titre Ill. - Gestion et Conseil de surveillance.

Article 8.- Gestion.

La Société est gérée par Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., en sa qualité
d'Associé Gérant Commandité et d'Associé Gérant Commandité unique de
la Société.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité peut consulter le Conseil de surveillance
conformément à l'Article 15 des Statuts.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité peut conclure des contrats
d'administration et de gestion avec et au nom de la Société.

Article 9.- Pouvoirs de I'Associé Gérant Commandité.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus
pour accomplir tous les actes nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l'objet
social de la Société.

Article 10.- Délégation de pouvoirs

23


L'Associé Gérant Commandité peut déléguer ses pouvoirs ou des
mandats spéciaux à une ou plusieurs personnes (le ou les “Gérants").
Chaque Gérant peut accomplir, au nom de la Société, tous les actes
nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l'objet social de la Société.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité détermine les responsabilités et la
rémunération (le cas échéant), la durée de la représentation et toute autre
condition pertinente relative à cette tâche.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité et/ou chaque Gérant est autorisé à sous-
déléguer leurs pouvoirs à un ou plusieurs délégués qui seront responsables
uniquement de leur mandat.

Article 11.-. Représentation.

La Société sera engagée, vis-à-vis des tiers, parla signature individuelle
de l'Associé Gérant Commandité, représenté par ses représentants légaux
ou par n'importe quelle personne déléguée conformément aux Statuts de
l'Associé Gérant Commandité, ou par la signature individuelle de n'importe
quel Gérant, le cas échéant, dans le cadre des pouvoirs qui lui sont
délégués. Cela inclut et s'applique, en particulier, au paiement des frais de
gestion de placements ou d'autres frais, dépens et débours de la société
envers l'Associé Gérant Commandité.

Article 12.- Révocation de l'Associé Gérant Commandité.

L' Associé Gérant Commandité peut être révoqué a tout moment en cas
d'extrême négligence, de faute intentionnelle, de fraude ou d'une infraction
matérielle (substantielle) aux Statuts ou d'autres obligations envers la
Société ou envers les Associés Commanditaires, infraction qui aura fait
l'objet d'une évaluation par une opinion d’expert d'un cabinet juridique de
réputation internationale établi au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg. Le
remplacement de l'Associé Gérant Commanditaire se fera par une résolution
de l'assemblée générale des Associés adoptée conformément aux mêmes
exigences de vote et de quorum qu'en matière de modification des Statuts
et sous réserve de la sélection et de l’approbation d’un associé commandité
de remplacement se portant acquéreur de l’Action de Commandité.

L’Associé Gérant Commandité ne peut pas démissionner volontairement
de sa fonction d’Associé Gérant Commandité de la Société, sans qu’un
autre associé commandité n’ait été trouvé en remplacement et sans qu’une
résolution de l'Assemblée Générale des Associés n’ai été adoptée
conformément aux mêmes exigences de vote et de quorum qu'en matière
de modification des Statuts et sous réserve de la sélection et de l'approbation
d'un associé commandité de remplacement se portant acquéreur de l’Action
de Commandité.

La Société ne sera pas dissoute de plein droit en cas de dissolution,
d'incapacitéjuridique, de démission, d'incapacité, de faillite ou de toute autre
situation de concurrence de l’Associé Gérant Commandité.

24


En cas de situation ou d'événement prévu à l'Article 12 par. 1, le Président
du Tribunal d'Arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale désignera,
a la demande de toute partie intéressée et sur base de la Loi, un
administrateur provisoire, qui n'a pas besoin d'être Associé. L'administrateur
provisoire convoque une assemblée générale extraordinaire des Associés,
conformément à l'Article 19 dans les quinze (15) jours ouvrables suivant sa
nomination.

Les fonctions de l'administrateur provisoire consistent à accomplir des
actes requérant l'urgence et des actes d'administration ordinaire jusqu'a ce
que l'assemblée générale des Associés nomme un ou plusieurs nouveaux
Gérant Associé Commandités.

Article 13.- Droits des Associés Commanditaires

Les Associés Commanditaires ne peuvent pas accomplir des actes de
gestion vis-à-vis des tiers.

Envers des tiers, chaque Associé Commanditaire est conjointement et
solidairement responsable de toutes les dettes de la Société dans lesquelles
il a pris part en violation de l'interdiction prévue à l'alinéa précédent.

Chaque Associé Commanditaire est également responsable
conjointement et solidairement envers les tiers, même pour les engagements
auxquels il n'a pas pris part, s'il est habitué à accomplir des actes de gestion
vis-à-vis de ces tiers.

Les actes suivants ne sont pas considérés comme des actes de gestion
pour lesquels les Associés Commanditaires sont tenus pour responsables
conformément à l'article 13 par. 2, (i) l'exercice des droits de l'associé, (ii) les
avis et conseils donnés à la Société, ses sociétés affiliées ou ses gérants
respectifs, (ii) les actes de contrôle et de surveillance, (iv) l'octroi de prêts,
de garanties ou de titres ou de toute autre aide a la Société, ses filiales et (v)
les autorisations données a l'Associé Gérant Commandité dans les cas
prévus dans les Statuts pour les actes dépassant leurs pouvoirs.

Article 14.- Responsabilité des Associés et de l'Associé Gérant
Commandité

L'Associé Gérant Commandité en sa qualité d'Associé Commandité est
conjointement et solidairement responsable avec la Société pour toutes les
dettes de la Société qui ne peuvent être satisfaites par l'emploi des actifs de
la Société.

Sans préjudice de l'article 13 par. 2 et 3, la responsabilité des Associés
Commanditaires s'étend uniquement a leur apport envers la Société ou a
leur engagement vis-à-vis de la Société.

Le ou les Gérants qui n'ont pas la capacité d'un Associé Gérant
Commandité sont uniquement responsables de l'exécution de leur mandat
et des fautes commises au niveau de leur gestion.

Article 15.- Conseil de surveillance

25


Sauf lorsque, conformément aux Lois, les comptes annuels et/ou les
comptes consolidés de la Société doivent être ou sont vérifiés par un réviseur
d'entreprises indépendant, les affaires de la Société et sa situation
financière, en particulier ses documents comptables, devront être contrôlés,
dans la mesure de ce qui est requis par les Lois, par un conseil de
surveillance composé d'au moins trois membres choisis par l'assemblée
générale des Associés, pour une période ne dépassant pas les six ans (le
"Conseil de surveillance").

Ils peuvent être révoqués a tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par
l'assemblée générale des Associés.

Ils restent en fonction jusqu'à ce que leurs successeurs soient nommés.

Dans le cas où un membre du Conseil de Surveillance est élu sans
indication dela durée de son mandat, il est réputé avoir été élu pour un terme
de six ans a compter de la date de son élection.

Pour l'exécution de ses fonctions de supervision, le Conseil de
Surveillance aura les pouvoirs d'un commissaire aux comptes,
conformément à la Loi.

Les membres du Conseil de Surveillance ne peuvent participer, ni
interférer avec la gestion de la Société mais peuvent aviser l'Associé Gérant
Commandité sur des questions que l'Associé Gérant Commandité peut
déterminer.

Titre IV. - Assemblées générales des Associés

Article 16.- Pouvoirs de l'Assemblée Générale des Associés.

L'assemblée des Associés de la Société régulièrement constituée
représentera tous les Associés de la Société.

L'assemblée des Associés ne délibère que sur les questions qui ne sont
pas réservées à l'Associé Gérant Commandité en vertu des Statuts, de la
Loi ou du Pactes d’Associés.

Article 17.- Assemblée générale annuelle

L'assemblée générale annuelle des Associés se tiendra au siège social
de la Société ou tout autre endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg aux date
et heure indiquées dans la convocation de l’assemblée.

Article 18.- Autres Assemblées générales

D'autres assemblées générales des Associés de la Société peuvent se
tenir aux lieux et heures indiqués dans les avis de convocation respectifs.
De telles assemblées doivent être convoquées si des associés représentant
au moins dix pour cent (10%) du capital social le demandent. Sauf
disposition contraire stipulée dans les présentes, l'avis de convocation et les
assemblées générales sont soumis aux conditions et délais prévus par la
Loi.

Article 19.- Convocation et vote.

26


L'Assemblée générale peut être convoquée suivant un avis fixant l'ordre
du jour envoyé par lettre recommandée, courrier ou télécopieur au moins
huit jours avant l'Assemblée en conformité avec les lois ou les statuts.

Sauf en cas de disposition contraire prévue par la Loi ou les Statuts, les
résolutions prises lors de l'Assemblée générale annuelle ou ordinaire des
Associés sont adoptées suivant une majorité simple des Actions présentes
ou représentées, quelle que soit la proportion du capital représenté, pour
autant que l'approbation de l'Associé Gérant Commandité soit exigée pour
l'adoption de ces résolutions.

Une assemblée générale extraordinaire convoquée pour modifier des
dispositions des Statuts ne peut délibérer valablement que si au moins la
moitié du capital est représentée et si l'ordre du jour indique les modifications
statutaires proposées, et le cas échéant, le texte de celles qui touchent à
l'objet ou a la forme de la Société. Si la première de ces conditions n'est pas
remplie, une seconde assemblée peut être convoquée, dans les formes
prévues par les Statuts ou par la loi. Cette convocation reproduit l'ordre du
jour, en indique la date et le résultat de la précédente Assemblée Générale.
La seconde assemblée délibère valablement, quelle que soit la portion du
capital représentée. À ces deux assemblées, les résolutions, pour être
valables, doivent être adoptées par au moins deux tiers des votes des
Associés présents ou représentés et sous réserve de l'approbation de
l'Associé Gérant Commandité. Les voix attachées aux actions pour
lesquelles l'Associé n'a pas pris part au vote, s'est abstenu, a voté blanc ou
nul ne sont pas prises en compte pour le calcul de la majorité.

Cependant, la nationalité de la Société ne peut être changée et
l'augmentation ou la réduction des engagements des associés ne peuvent
être décidées qu'avec l'accord unanime des associés (incluant celui de
l'Associé Gérant Commandité) et sous réserve du respect de toute autre
disposition légale.

L'approbation du l'Associé Gérant Commandité n'est pas requise dans le
cadre de résolutions visant à révoquer l'Associé Gérant Commandité pour
une des raisons évoquée dans l'article 12 des présents statuts.

Article 20.- Présence, Représentation.

Toute Action, qu'il s'agisse d'Action de Commandité ou d'Action de
Commanditaire, dispose d'un droit de vote lors de l'assemblée générale.

Un Associé peut intervenir lors de toute Assemblée générale, même lors
de l'Assemblée générale annuelle des Associés, en nommant une autre
personne comme son mandataire, par écrit y compris par lettre, télécopie ou
courriel.

L'utilisation de matériel de vidéoconférence et de téléconférence est
autorisée à condition que chaque Associé ou les représentants de chacun
des Associés participants puisse(nt) entendre et être entendu(s) par tous les

27


autres participants. Les Associés utilisant cette technologie sont réputés être
présents et sont autorisés à voter par vidéo ou par téléphone.

Après délibération, les votes pourront également s'exprimer par écrit ou
par télécopie, télégramme ou télex ou par téléphone pour autant que dans
cette dernière hypothèse le vote soit confirmé par écrit.

Si tous les Associés sont présents ou représentés lors d'une assemblée
générale des Associés, et s'ils déclarent connaître l'ordre du jour,
l'assemblée pourra se tenir sans avis de convocation préalables par écrit.

Titre V. - Exercice social, Distribution des bénéfices.

Article 21 .-. Exercice social.

L'exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour de janvier de
chaque année et s'achève le dernierjour de décembre de la même année.

L'Associé Gérant Commandité établit le bilan et le compte de profits et
pertes. Au plus tard un mois avant l'Assemblée Générale annuelle des
Associés, l'Associé Gérant Commandité soumet ces documents ainsi qu'un
rapport sur les activités de la Société au Conseil de Surveillance qui rédige
son rapport contenant ses commentaires sur la base de ces documents.

Article 22.- Distribution des bénéfices.

22.1 Les bénéfices annuels nets déterminés chaque année suivant les
dispositions légales et les principes comptables sont alloués comme suit :

- chaque année, au moins cinq pour cent des bénéfices nets doivent être
alloués au compte de réserve légale. Cette allocation n’est plus obligatoire
si et aussi longtemps que cette réserve légale est au moins égale au dixième
du capital de la Société ;

- Après allocation a la réserve légale et sous réserve des dispositions
obligatoires de la Loi, les bénéfices nets restant seront, sous réserve de
l’approbation de l’Associé Gérant Commandité, distribués aux Associés
conformément aux paragraphes ci-dessous et au Pacte d’Associés.

22.2En cas de distribution de dividendes, le montant alloué à cet effet
sera distribué de la manière suivante :

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions Ordinaires ont droit a un dividende égal à
11% de la valeur nominales des Actions Ordinaires ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie A ont droit a un dividende
égal à 10% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie A. ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie B ont droit a un dividende
égal à 9% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie B ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie C ont droit a un dividende
égal à 8% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie C ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie D ont droit a un dividende
égal à 7% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie D ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie E ont droit a un dividende
égal à 6% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie E ;

28


Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie F ont droit a un dividende
égal à 5% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie F ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie G ont droit a un dividende
égal à 4% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie G ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie H ont droit a un dividende
égal à 3% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie H ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie | ont droit a un dividende
égal à 2% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie | ;

Le(s) détenteurs(s) des Actions de Catégorie J ont droit a un dividende
égal à 1% de la valeur nominales des Actions de Catégorie J.

le solde du montant total distribué sera attribué intégralement aux détenteurs
de la dernière Catégorie d’Actions dans l'ordre alphabétique inverse (c'est-
a-dire d’abord les Actions de Catégorie J, puis, si plus aucune Action de
Catégorie | n'existe, les Actions de Catégorie H puis, si plus aucune Action
de Catégorie H n'existe, des actions de Catégorie G, etc).

Si les dividendes mentionnés ci-dessus en tant que dividendes annuels
fixes ne sont pas déclarés ou payés au cours d'une ou de plusieurs années
particulières, le droit au dividende fixe sera reporté et continuera à courir
l'année suivante.

Tout montant affecté à une Catégorie d’Actions spécifique sera distribué
entre les Associés au prorata de leur participation respective dans cette
Catégorie d’Actions, a moins qu’il n’en soit convenu autrement de temps a
autre dans le Pacte d’Actionnaires

L’associé Gérant Commandité peut décider de distribuer des acomptes
sur dividendes en accord avec les dispositions de la Loi, des Statuts et du
Pacte d’Associés.

Le compte de prime d’émissions peut être distribué aux Associés
conformément aux dispositions ci-dessus et tout montant du compte de
prime d'émissions peut être affecté au compte de réserve légale

Titre VI. - Dissolution, Liquidation.

Article 23.-. Dissolution - Liquidation

La Société peut être dissoute par décision des Associés statuant
conformément aux mêmes exigences de majorité et de quorum qu'en
matière de modification des Statuts.

En cas de dissolution dela Société, il sera procédé à la liquidation par les
soins d'un ou de plusieurs liquidateurs (qui peuvent être des personnes
physiques ou morales) nommés par l'assemblée générale des Associés qui
déterminera leurs pouvoirs et leurs compensations.

29


Après le paiement de toutes les dettes et les charges de la Société et des
dépenses dues pour la liquidation, les fonds nets produits de la liquidation
seront distribués aux Associés conformément aux dispositions prévues a
l'Article 22.

Titre VII. - Loi applicable

Article 24.- Loi applicable

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les présents Statuts seront
régies conformément à la Loi et le Pacte d’Associés.

Disposition Transitoire

Le premier Exercice Comptable débutera a la date du présent acte et se
terminera au 31 décembre 2018.

La première assemblée générale annuelle aura lieu en 2019.

Souscription — Libération

Les parties comparantes, représentées comme dit ci-dessus, déclarent
avoir souscrit aux Actions de la Société comme suit:

1) Cresco Terra Holdings S.à r.l., prénommée, déclare avoir souscrit
à une (1) action d’Associé Gérant Commandité, ayant une valeur nominale
de un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune, et procède à la libération de ladite Action a
hauteur de cent pour cent (100%), par un apport en numéraire d'un montant
total de un Euro (1 ,- EUR); et

2) M. Alexander Gunter Buerk, prénommée, déclare avoir souscrit aux
actions suivantes:

- Quinze mille (15,000) Actions Ordinaires

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie A,

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie B

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie C

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie D

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie E

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie F

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie G

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie H

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie l

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie J
ayant une valeur nominale de un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune, et procède à la
libération desdites Actions a hauteur de cent pour cent (100%), par un apport
en numéraire d'un montant total de quinze mille cinq cents Euro (15,500,-
EUR)

3) M. Daniel Schuldig, prénommée, déclare avoir souscrit aux actions
suivantes:

- quinze mille (15,000) Actions Ordinaires

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie A,

30


- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie B

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie C

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie D

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie E

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie F

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie G

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie H

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie |

- cinquante (50) Actions de Catégorie J
ayant une valeur nominale de un euro (EUR 1,-) chacune, et procède à la
libération desdites Actions à hauteur de cent pour cent (100%), par un apport
en numéraire d'un montant total de quinze mille cinq cent Euro (15,500,-
EUR)

La preuve de ces paiements en espèces, mentionnés ci-dessus, tels
qu'indiqués sous les points 1“) a 4), a été présentée sous forme d'un
certificat bancaire au notaire soussigné, qui atteste expressément la

disponibilité du montant total de trente et un mille et un Euros (EUR
31.001,-).

Déclaration

Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l'existence des conditions
énumérées à l'article 26 de la loi du 10 août 1915, sur les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modifiée et atteste expressément qu'elles ont été
remplies.

Frais

Les parties comparantes ont évalué le montant des frais, dépenses,
rémunérations et charges, sous quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent a
la Société ou qui sont mis a sa charge a raison de sa constitution a environ
mille cinq cents Euros (EUR 1.500,-).

Première assemblée générale des Associés

Les Associés préqualifiés, représentant la totalité des actions et se
considérant comme dûment convoqués, se sont ensuite constitués en
assemblée générale extraordinaire et ont ensuite pris à l'unanimité des voix
les résolutions suivantes :

1. L'adresse de la Société est fixée à 6, rue d’Arlon, L- 8399 Windhof,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

2. Le nombre des membres du Conseil de Surveillance est fixé à trois.

3. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées membres du Conseil de
Surveillance jusqu'a ce que l'assemblée générale se prononce sur les
comptes de la société le 31 décembre 2022 :

31


- Monsieur Andrew Williams, né le 21 août 1964 à Kuala Lumpur,
resident a Fiat 2, 31 Craig Road, Milford Auckland 0620, New Zealand;

- Monsieur Jonathan Elkington, ne le 26 octobre 1978 a Londres,
resident a Chipchase Castle, Wark-On-Tyne, Northumberland, Hexam,
NE48 3NT, United Kingdom; et

- Monsieur Alexander Gunter Buerk ne le 25 octobre 1974 à
Washington, residant 50 Maldon road, London W3 6SZ, Royaume-uni

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle la langue anglaise constate
que sur demande de la comparante le present acte est rédigé en langue
anglaise suivie d'une traduction française; sur demande de la comparante et
en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français, la version
anglaise fera foi.

Dont acte, fait et passe à Luxembourg, date qu’en tête.

Et après lecture faite a la comparante, bien connue du notaire par son
nom, prénom, etat civil et demeure, celle-ci a signé le present acte original
avec nous, le Notaire.

Signe: L. Elshani et M. Schaeffer.
…
Relation : 2LAC/2018/27026

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

EUR 75,-

Le receveur/signe/Andre MULLER

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

délivrée à la demande de la predite société,

sur papier libre, aux fins de publication au RESA
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

32


