Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : B230543

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.492
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C Lux Sàrl
Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social : 10-12, Boulevard Roosevelt
L-2450 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE
du 28 novembre 2018

numéro 2415/2018

 

ln the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twenty-eighth of
November.

Before Us, Maître Martine SCHAEFFER, notary residing in
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C, L.P., a limited partnership formed under
the laws of and registered in the state of Delaware under number 7146820,
having its registered address at c/o The Corporation Trust Company,
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New
Castle, Delaware 19801, United States of America,

here represented by Mrs Corinne PETIT, private employee,
professionally residing at 74, avenue Victor Hugo, L-1750 Luxembourg, by
virtue of a proxy given under private seal on 26 November 2018.

The said proxy, initialled “ne varietur” by the proxyholder of the
appearing party and the notary, shall remain annexed to this deed to be
filed at the same time with the registration authorities.

Such appearing party has requested the officiating notary to enact the
deed of incorporation of a private limited company (société à responsabilité
limitée) which it wishes to incorporate with the following articles of
association:

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name — Legal form

There exists a private limited company (société à responsabilité Iimitée)
under the name CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C Lux Sàrl (hereinafter the
“Company”) which shall be governed by the law of 10 August 1915 on

Page 1




will be available only (i) for the purpose of distributions, whether by
dividend, share redemption or otherwise, to the relevant shareholder, or (ii)
to be incorporated in the share capital to issue shares corresponding to the
relevant shareholder only.

5.5 The Company may repurchase its own shares subject to the
provisions of the Law.

5.6 The board of managers is authorised to cancel shares held in
treasury and to proceed with the corresponding share capital reduction.

Article 6 Shares - Transfer of shares

6.1 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a
maximum of one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the number
of shareholders of the Company exceeds one hundred (100) for any
reason, the Company shall have a period of one (1) year from the date on
which such limit was exceeded to convert into a company of another legal
form.

Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or
any other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall not cause
the dissolution of the Company.

6.2 The shares of the Company are in registered form.

6.3 A register of shares shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder.
This register shall contain all the information required by the Law.
Certificates evidencing registrations made in the register with respect to a
shareholder may be issued upon request and at the expense of such
shareholder.

6.4 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a
share is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single
representative who shall represent them towards the Company. The
Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that
share, except for relevant information rights, until such representative has
been appointed.

6.5 The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

6.6 Inter vivos, the shares may only be transferred to third party
transferees subject to the prior approval of such transfer given by
shareholders holding at least three-quarters of all the shares in issue.

6.7 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third-
party transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to the
Company with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the
identity of the transferee, the conditions applicable to the transfer (if any)
and the transfer price.

Page 4


6.8 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of the
Company in accordance with article 6.6, the shareholders may, within three
(3) months from the date of the refusal, acquire the shares on an equal
treatment basis (unless othenNise agreed between them) or procure the
acquisition of the share(s), at a price determined in accordance with article
6.10, except if the transferring shareholder decides to forego the transfer.
Upon request of the board of managers, the three-month period can be
extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of
Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary
proceedings, it being understood that such extension shall not exceed six
(6) months.

6.9 To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire
the shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the
relevant shares and (ii) repurchase and cancel such shares at a price
determined in accordance with article 6.10.

6.10 For the purposes of articles 6.8 and 6.9, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as
determined in good faith by the board of managers.

6.11 If, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders nor the Company have acquired or redeemed the
shares, the transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the
proposed new shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions that were
notified to the Company.

6.12 Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the
Company and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or
upon the acceptance of the transfer by the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the Civil Code.

6.13 In the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may
only be transferred to new shareholders subject to the approval of such
transfer given by the remaining shareholders holding at least three-quarters
of the shares owned by the remaining shareholders. Such approval is,
however, not required in case the shares are transferred either to parents,
descendants or the surviving spouse or any other legal heir of the
deceased shareholder.

C. DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 7 Collective decisions of the shareholders

7.1 The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers
expressly reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of association.

Page 5


7.2 Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions irrespective
of the number of shares which he owns.

7.3 In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty (60)
shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means of
written resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to these
articles of association. To this effect, each shareholder shall receive the full
text of the resolutions to be adopted and shall cast his vote in writing.

7.4 In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall exercise
the powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under the
provisions of Title Vll of the Law and by these articles of association. In
such case, any reference made herein to the “general meeting of
shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the sole shareholder,
depending on the context and as applicable, and powers conferred upon
the general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the sole
shareholder.

Article 8 General meetings of shareholders

8.1 In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at
least one general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6)
months of the end of each financial year in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg at the registered office of the Company or at such other place
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be specified in the convening
notice of such meeting. Other meetings of shareholders may be held at
such place and time as may be specified in the respective convening
notices of meeting.

8.2 If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a general
meeting of shareholders and have waived any convening requirements, the
meeting may be held without prior notice.

8.3 Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through
video conference or by any other means of communication allowing for
their identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear
one another on a continuous basis and allowing for an effective
participation of all such persons in the meeting, are deemed to be present
for the computation of the quorums and votes, subject to such means of
communication being made available at the place of the meeting. In such
case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxyholder shall be physically
present at the registered office of the Company.

8.4 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed
voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of
communication to the Company’s registered office or to the address
specified in the convening notice. The shareholders may only use voting
forms provided by the Company which contain at least the place, date and

Page 6


time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to
the shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the
shareholder to vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by
ticking the appropriate box.

8.5 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote
in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention
are void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into
account voting forms received prior to the general meeting to which they
relate.

8.6 The board of managers may determine further conditions that must
be fulfilled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting
of shareholders.

8.7 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

Article 9 Quorum, majority and vote

9.1 Each share entities to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

9.2 The board of managers may suspend the voting rights of any
shareholder in breach of his obligations as described by these articles of
association or any relevant contractual arrangement entered into by such
shareholder.

9.3 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or
permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder is
bound by such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the Company upon
notification to the latter.

9.4 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 9.2 or the exercise of the voting rights
has been waived by one or several shareholders in accordance with article
9.3, such shareholders are entitled to receive written shareholders’
resolutions (for information purposes only) and may attend any general
meeting of the Company but the shares they hold are not taken into
account for the determination of the conditions of quorum and majority to
be complied with at the general meetings of the Company or to determine if
written resolutions have been validly adopted.

9.5 Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of association or
the Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only validly taken in so
far as they are adopted by shareholders holding more than half of the share
capHaL

Article 10 Amendments of the articles of association

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

Page 7


Article 11 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner
required for an amendment of these articles of association.

D. MANAGEMENT

Article 12 Composition and powers of the board of managers

12.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers. If
the Company has several managers, the managers form a board of
managers.

12.2 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, to the extent
applicable and where the term “sole manager” is not expressly mentioned
in these articles of association, a reference to the “board of managers”
used in these articles of association is to be construed as a reference to the
“sole manager”.

12.3 The board of managers is vested with the broadest powers to act
in the name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful to
fulfil the Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers
reserved by the Law or by these articles of association to the general
meeting of shareholders.

Article 13 Daily management

The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of
the Company in relation to such daily management may be delegated to
one or more managers, officers or other agents, acting individually or
jointly. Their appointment, removal and powers shall be determined by a
resolution of the board of managers.

Article 14 Appointment, removal and term of office of managers

14.1 The manager(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders which shall determine their remuneration and term of office.
The general meeting of shareholders may decide to appoint managers of
different classes, namely class A managers (the “Class A Managers”) and
class B managers (the “Class B Managers”). Any reference made
hereinafter to the “managers” shall be construed as a reference to the
Class A Managers and/or the Class B Managers, depending on the context
and as applicable.

14.2 The managers shall be appointed and may be removed from office
at any time, with or without cause, by a collective decision of the
shareholders.

Article 15 Convening meetings of the board of managers

15.1 The board of managers shall meet upon call by any manager. The
meetings of the board of managers shall be held at the registered office of
the Company unless otherwise indicated in the notice of meeting.

Page 8


15.2 Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be
given to managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the time
scheduled for the meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the
nature and the reasons of such emergency must be mentioned in the
notice. Such notice may be omitted in case of consent of each manager in
writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or any other similar means of
communication, a copy of such signed document being sufficient proof
thereof. No prior notice shall be required for a board meeting to be held at a
time and location determined in a prior resolution adopted by the board of
managers which has been communicated to all managers.

15.3 No prior notice shall be required in case all managers are present
or represented at a board meeting and waive any convening requirement or
in the case of resolutions in writing approved and signed by all members of
the board of managers.

Article 16 Conduct of meetings of the board of managers

16.1 The board of managers may elect a chairman from among its
members. It may also choose a secretary, who does not need to be a
manager and who shall be responsible for keeping the minutes of the
meetings of the board of managers.

16.2 The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of the board of
managers but, in his absence, the board of managers may appoint another
manager as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority of managers
present or represented at any such meeting.

16.3 Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing another manager, irrespective of the class to which such
manager belongs, as his proxy in writing, or by facsimile, electronic mail or
any other similar means of communication, a copy of the appointment
being sufficient proof thereof. A manager may represent one or more but
not all of the other managers.

16.4 Meetings of the board of managers may also be held by
conference-call or video conference or by any other means of
communication, allowing all persons participating at such meeting to hear
one another on a continuous basis, allowing an effective participation in the
meeting. Participation in a meeting by these means is equivalent to
participation in person at such meeting.

16.5 The board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at least
a majority of the managers are present or represented at a meeting of the
board of managers. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has
appointed different classes of managers, the board of managers may
deliberate or act validly only if at least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1)
Class B Manager is present or represented at the meeting.

Page 9


16.6 Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the managers
present or represented at such meeting. In the event the general meeting of
shareholders has appointed different classes of managers, decisions shall
be taken by a majority of the managers present or represented including at
least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager. The
chairman, if any, shall not have a casting vote.

16.7 The board of managers may unanimously pass resolutions by
circular means when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile,
electronic mail or any other similar means of communication. Each
manager may express his consent separately, the entirety of the consents
evidencing the adoption of the resolutions. The date of such resolutions
shall be the date of the last signature.

Article 17 Conflicts of interests

17.1 Save as othenNise provided by the Law, any manager who has,
directly or indirectly, a financial interest conflicting with the interest of the
Company in connection with a transaction falling within the competence of
the board of managers, must inform the board of managers of such conflict
of interest and must have his declaration recorded in the minutes of the
board meeting. The relevant manager may not take part in the discussions
relating to such transaction nor vote on such transaction. Any such conflict
of interest must be reported to the next general meeting of shareholders
prior to such meeting taking any resolution on any other item.

17.2 Where the Company comprises a single manager, transactions
made between the Company and the manager having an interest
conflicting with that of the Company are specifically mentioned in the
resolution of the sole manager.

17.3 Where, by reason of a conflicting interest, the number of managers
required in order to validly deliberate is not met, the board of managers
may decide to submit the decision on this specific item to the general
meeting of shareholders.

17.4 The conflict of interest rules shall not apply where the decision of
the board of managers or the sole manager relates to day-to-day
transactions entered into under normal conditions.

Article 18 Minutes of the meeting of the board of managers;
Minutes of the decisions of the sole manager

18.1 The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be
signed (i) by the chairman, if any or in his absence by the chairman pro
tempore, and the secretary (if any), or (ii) any two (2) managers or, by one
(1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager if applicable. Copies or
excerpts of such minutes, which may be produced in judicial proceedings or

Page 10


otherwise, shall be signed by the chairman, if any, or by two (2) managers
or, by one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager if applicable.

18.2 Decisions of the sole manager shall be recorded in minutes which
shall be signed by the sole manager. Copies or excerpts of such minutes,
which may be produced in judicial proceedings or othen/vise, shall be
signed by the sole manager.

Article 19 Dealing with third parties

19.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all
circumstances (i) by the signature of the sole manager, or (ii) if the
Company has several managers, (ii) by the joint signature of two
managers, and in the event the general meeting of shareholders has
appointed different classes of managers, (iii) by the joint signature of one
(1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager, or (iv) by the joint
signature or the sole signature of any persons to whom such signatory
power may have been delegated by the board of managers within the limits
of such delegation.

19.2 Within the limits of the daily management, the Company shall be
bound towards third parties by the signature of any persons to whom such
power may have been delegated, acting individually orjointly in accordance
within the limits of such delegation

E. AUDIT AND SUPERVISION

Article 20 Auditor(s)

20.1 In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, the transactions of the Company shall be supervised by one
or several statutory auditors (commissaires). The general meeting of
shareholders shall appoint the statutory auditor(s) and shall determine their
term of office.

20.2 A statutory auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and
with or without cause by the general meeting of shareholders.

20.3 The statutory auditor has an unlimited right of permanent
supervision and control of all transactions of the Company.

20.4 If the shareholders of the Company appoint one or more
independent auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) in accordance with
article 69 of the law of 19 December 2002 regarding the trade and
companies register and the accounting and annual accounts of
undertakings, as amended, the institution of statutory auditor(s) is no longer
requued.

20.5 An independent auditor may only be removed by the general
meeting of shareholders for cause or with his approval.

Page 11


F. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS — INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 21 Financial year

The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of January of
each year and shall end on the thirty-first of December of the same year.

Article 22 Annual accounts and allocation of profits

22.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the
board of managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets and
liabilities, the balance sheet and the profit and loss accounts in accordance
with the law.

22.2 Of the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) at
least shall be allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to
be mandatory as soon and as long as the aggregate amount of such
reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital of the Company.

22.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company may also be
allocated to the legal reserve.

22.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve
may be reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten per cent (10%)
of the share capital.

22.5 Upon recommendation of the board of managers, the general
meeting of shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the
Company’s profits shall be used in accordance with the Law and these
articles of association.

22.6 Distributions shall be made to the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares they hold in the Company.

Article 23 Interim dividends - Share premium and assimilated
premiums

23.1 The board of managers may proceed with the payment of interim
dividends subject to the provisions of the Law.

23.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium (including, but not
limited to any “capital surplus” account) or other distributable reserve may
be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the provisions of the Law
and these articles of association.

G. LIQUIDATION

Article 24 Liquidation

24.1 In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with
article 3.2 of these articles of association, the liquidation shall be carried out
by one or several liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders deciding on such dissolution and which shall determine their
powers and their remuneration. Unless othenNise provided, the liquidators

Page 12


shall have the most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and
payment of the liabilities of the Company.

24.2 The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the
payment of the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders in
proportion to the number of shares of the Company held by them.

H. FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW

Article 25 Governing law

All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be
determined in accordance with the Law.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. The first financial year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the
Company and terminate on 31 December 2018.
2. lnterim dividends may be distributed during the Company’s first
financial year.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The sixteen thousand (16,000) shares issued have been subscribed by
CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C, L.P., aforementioned, for the price of sixteen
thousand United States dollars (USD 16,000).

The shares so subscribed have been fully paid up by a contribution in
cash so that the amount of sixteen thousand United States dollars
(USD 16,000) is as of now available to the Company, as it has been
justified to the undersigned notary.

The total contribution in the amount of sixteen thousand United States
dollars (USD 16,000) is entirely allocated to the share capital.

DECLARATION
The undersigned notary herewith declares that he has verified the
existence of the conditions provided for or referred to in Article 710-6 of the
Law and expressly states that they have been complied with.

EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form whatsoever
incurred by the Company or which shall be borne by the Company in
connection with its incorporation are estimated at approximately one
thousand four hundred euro (EUR 1,400).

The amount of sixteen thousand United States dollars (USD 16,000)
corresponds to the amount of fourteen thousand one hundred twenty-four
euro and twenty-nine cents (EUR 14,124.29 according to the exchange rate
published on the European Central Bank on 27 November 2018.

Page 13


RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The incorporating sole shareholder, representing the entire share capital
of the Company and having waived any convening requirements, has
passed the following resolutions:

1. The address of the registered office of the Company is set at 10-12,
Boulevard Roosevelt, L-2450 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2. The following persons are appointed as class A managers of the
Company for an unlimited term:

- Ms Faith ROSENFELD, director, born on 22 December 1951 in
Massachusetts, U.S.A., with professional address at 40 West, 57th Street,
33rd Floor, New York 10019, U.S.A.;

- Mr Marcus COLWELL, director, born on 23 May 1962 in Michigan,
U.S.A., with professional address at 40 West, 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New
York 10019, U.S.A.; and

- Mr Emmanuel BRESSON, director, born on 22 January 1968 in
Clermont-Ferrand, France, with professional address at Devonshire House,
4th Floor, 1 Mayfair Place, London W1J 8AJ, United Kingdom.

3. The following persons are appointed as class B managers of the
Company for an unlimited term:

- Mr Francois DALOZE, private employee, born on 17 October 1978
in Charleroi, Belgium, with professional address at 5, rue Guillaume Kroll,
L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Mr Guillaume SADLER, private employee, born on 24 June 1982 in
Sarreguemines, France, with professional address at 5, rue Guillaume
Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

- Mr Armando José Brochado Soares CORREIA, private
employee, born on 7 April 1984 in Lisbon, Portugal with professional
address at 10-12, Boulevard Roosevelt, L-2450 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the appearing party, this deed is worded in
English followed by a French translation; at the request of the same
appearing party and in case of discrepancy between the English and the
French text, the English version shall prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the
day specified at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
party, known to the notary by name, first name and residence, the said

Page 14


proxyholder of the appearing party signed together with the notary the
present deed.

Suit la traduction fran aise de ce . ui . récéde :

 

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le vingt-huit novembre.
Par-devant Nous, Maître Martine SCHAEFFER, notaire de résidence à
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A COMPARU :

CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C, L.P., une limited partnership régie par les
lois de l'Etat Delaware avec le numéro de registre 7146820, ayant son
siege social a c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust
Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware
19801, Etats-Unis d’Amérique,

ici représentée par Madame Corinne PETIT, employée privée, résidant
professionnellement au 74, avenue Victor Hugo, L-1750 Luxembourg, en
vertu d’une procuration délivrée sous seing privé le 26 novembre 2018.

Ladite procuration, paraphée « ne varietur» par le mandataire de la
comparante et le notaire, resta annexée au présent acte pour être soumise
avec lui aux formalités d’enregistrement.

La comparante a requis le notaire instrumentant de dresser l’acte de
constitution d’une société à responsabilité limitée qu’elle souhaite
constituer avec les statuts suivants :

A. DENOMINATION - OBJET SOCIAL - DURÉE - SIÈGE SOCIAL

Article 1 Dénomination - Forme

ll existe une société a responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination CSL
Fund (PB) Holdings C Lux Sàrl (ci-après la « Société ») qui sera régie
par la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que
modifiée (la « Loi »), ainsi que par les présents statuts.

Article 2 Objet social

2.1. L'objet de la Société est la prise de participations, tant au
Luxembourg qu'a l'étranger, dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises sous
quelque forme que ce soit, et la gestion de ces participations. La Société
peut notamment acquérir par souscription, achat et échange ou de toute
autre manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de participation,
obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et autres instruments de dette, et
plus généralement, toutes valeurs mobilières et instruments financiers émis
par toute entité publique ou privée. Elle peut participer a la création, au
développement, a la gestion et au contrôle de toute société ou entreprise.

Page 15


Elle peut en outre investir dans l'acquisition et la gestion d'un portefeuille
de brevets ou d'autres droits de propriété intellectuelle de quelque nature
ou origine que ce soit.

2.2. La Société peut émpruntér sous quelque forme que ce soit, sauf par
voie d'offre publique. Elle peut procéder, uniquement par voie de placement
privé, à l'émission de billets à ordre, d'obligations et de tous types de titres
et instruments de dette ou de capital. La Société peut prêter des fonds, y
compris notamment, les revenus de tous emprunts, à ses filiales, sociétés
affiliées ainsi qu'a toutes autres sociétés. La Société peut également
consentir des garanties et nantir, céder, grever de charges ou autrement
créer et accorder des sûretés sur toute ou partie de ses actifs afin de
garantir ses propres obligations et celles de toute autre société et, de
manière générale, en sa faveur et en faveur de toute autre société ou
personne. En tout état de cause, la Société ne peut effectuer aucune
activité réglementée du secteur financier sans avoir obtenu l'autorisation
requæe.

2.3. La Société peut employer toutes les techniques et instruments
nécessaires à une gestion efficace de ses investissements et a sa
protection contre les risques de crédit, les fluctuations monétaires, les
fluctuations de taux d'intérêt et autres risques.

2.4. La Société peut effectuer toutes les opérations commerciales,
financières ou industrielles et toutes les transactions concernant des biens
immobiliers ou mobiliers qui, directement ou indirectement, favorisent ou se
rapportent à son objet social.

AmdeBDuŒe

3.1. La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

3.2. Elle peut etre dissoute a tout moment par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée avec l’assentiment de la moitié
des associés possédant les trois quarts de l’avoir social au moins.

Article 4 Siège social

4.1. Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la commune de
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4.2. Le conseil de gérance peut transférer le siège social de la Société
au sein de la même commune ou dans toute autre commune du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg et modifier, si nécessaire, ces statuts par acte
notarié afin de refléter le changement de siège social.

4.3. Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du conseil de gérance.

4.4. Dans l’hypothèse où le conseil de gérance estimerait que des
événements exceptionnels d'ordre politique, économique ou social ou des
catastrophes naturelles se sont produits ou seraient imminents, de nature a

Page 16


interférer avec l'activité normale de la Société a son siège social, il pourra
transférer provisoirement le siège social a l'étranger jusqu'a la cessation
complète de ces circonstances exceptionnelles ; ces mesures provisoires
n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle,
nonobstant ce transfert provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

B. CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1. Le capital social de la Société est fixé à seize mille dollars
américains (USD 16.000), représenté par seize mille (16.000) parts
sociales ayant une valeur nominale d’un dollar américain (USD 1) chacune.

5.2. Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société, adoptée
selon les conditions requises pour la modification des présents statuts.

5.3. L’assemblée générale des associés a la possibilité (mais non
l’obligation) de décider que tout apport en numéraire ou en nature effectué
en tant que prime d’émission en relation avec la souscription par n’importe
quel associé sera enregistré dans un compte de prime d’émission
spécifique alloué à l’associé concerné et est disponible uniquement (i) aux
fins de distributions à l’associé concerné, que ce soit au moyen de
dividendes, rachat de parts sociales ou autre moyen, ou (ii) pour être
incorporé au capital social dans le but d’émettre des parts sociales
correspondant uniquement à l’associé concerné.

5.4. L’assemblée générale des associés est également autorisée à
approuver les apports en fonds propres sans émission de nouvelles parts
sociales, réalisés au moyen d'un paiement en numéraire ou d'un paiement
en nature, ou de toute autre manière, selon les conditions définies par
l'assemblée générale des associés. Un apport en fonds propres sans
émission de nouvelles parts sociales doit être enregistré dans un compte
de capital surplus conformément à la loi luxembourgeoise. L’assemblée
générale des associés a la possibilité (mais non l’obligation) de décider que
tout apport en numéraire ou en nature effectué en tant que « capital
surplus » en relation avec la souscription par n’importe quel associé sera
enregistré dans un compte de « capital surplus» spécifique alloué à
l’associé concerné est sera disponible uniquement (i) aux fins de
distribution à l’associé concerné, que ce soit au moyen de dividendes,
rachat de parts sociales ou par un autre moyen, ou (ii) pour être incorporé
au capital social dans le but d’émettre des parts sociales correspondant
uniquement à l’associé concerné.

5.5. La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales aux conditions
prévues parla Loi.

Page 17


5.6. Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler des parts sociales
rachetées par la Société et à décider d’une réduction de capital social
afférente.

Article 6 Parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

6.1. La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés sans excéder la
limite de cent (100) associés. Au cas où le nombre des associés vient à
dépasser la limite de cent (100) pour quelque raison que ce soit, la Société
devra dans un délai d’un (1) an ä compter du dépassement de la limite,
être transformée en une société revétant une autre forme sociale.

Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la liquidation, la
faillite ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire d’un des associés
n’entraînera pas la dissolution de la Société.

6.2. Les parts sociales de la Société sont nominatives.

6.3. Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social de la Société
où il est mis a disposition de chaque associé pour consultation. Ce registre
contient toutes les informations requises par la Loi. Des certificats attestant
des inscriptions faites dans le registre concernant un associé peuvent être
émis sur demande et aux frais de cet associé.

6.4. La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale. Les
copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les
représentera vis-à-vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre
l'exercice de tous les droits relatifs à cette part sociale, à l’exception du
droit à l’information, jusqu'a ce qu'un tel représentant ait été désigné.

6.5. Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.6. Inter vivos, les parts sociales seront uniquement cessibles a des
tiers sous réserve qu’une telle cession ait été approuvée préalablement par
des associés représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales.

6.7. Lorsqu’un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts
sociales a un tiers, l’associé cédant doit envoyer une notification à la
Société contenant les éléments de la cession envisagée, y compris
l’identité du cessionnaire, les conditions applicables à la cession (le cas
échéant) et le prix de cession.

6.8. Si la cession envisagée n’est pas approuvée par les associés de la
Société conformément à l’article 6.6, les associés peuvent, dans un délai
de trois (3) mois a compter de la date du refus, acquérir les parts sociales
en respectant le principe de l’égalité de traitement (sauf s’ils en ont
convenu autrement) ou faire acquérir les parts sociales a un prix déterminé
conformément à l’article 6.10, sauf si l’associé cédant décide de renoncer
au transfert. Sur requête du conseil de gérance, la période de trois (3) mois
peut être prolongée par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal

Page 18


d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière
de référé, sans que cette prolongation ne puisse excéder six (6) mois.

6.9. Dans la mesure où les associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les
parts sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le
consentement de l’associé cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social
du montant correspondant a la valeur nominale des parts de l’associé
cédant et (ii) racheter et annuler ces parts a un prix déterminé
conformément à l’article 6.10.

6.10. Aux fins des articles 6.8 et 6.9, le prix de transfert ou le prix de
rachat correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales
déterminée de bonne foi par le conseil de gérance.

6.11. Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, ni les associés existants, ni la
Société n’ont acquis ou racheté les parts sociales, l’associé cédant peut
librement céder ses parts sociales au(x) nouvel (nouveaux) associé(s)
proposé(s) au prix de cession et aux conditions notifiées a la Société.

6.12. Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable à la Société et aux
tiers sur notification de la cession à la Société, ou après l’acceptation de la
cession par la Société conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du
Code civil.

6.13. En cas de décès, les parts sociales de l’associé décédé pourront
être uniquement transférées au nouvel associé sous réserve qu’un tel
transfert ait été approuvé par les associés survivants représentant au
moins les trois quarts des parts sociales appartenant aux survivants. Un tel
agrément n’est cependant pas requis dans l’hypothèse où les parts
sociales sont transférées soit aux ascendants, descendants ou au conjoint
survivant ou a tout autre héritier légal de l’associé décédé.

C. DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 7 Décisions collectives des associés

7.1. L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui
sont expressément réservés parla Loi et par les présents statuts.

7.2. Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions
collectives quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.

7.3. Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société n’a pas plus de soixante
(60) associés, des décisions collectives qui relèveraient d’ordinaire de la
compétence de l’assemblée générale, pourront être valablement adoptées
par voie de décisions écrites, à l’exception des propositions de modification
des statuts. Dans ce cas, chaque associé recevra le texte intégral de ces
résolutions a adopter et votera par écrit.

7.4. En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs dévolus
à l’assemblée générale des associés en vertu des dispositions de la Titre
VII de la Loi et des présents statuts. Dans cette hypothèse, toute référence

Page 19


faite a « l’assemblée générale des associés » devra être entendue comme
une référence a « l’associé unique » selon le contexte, et le cas échéant, et
les pouvoirs conférés à l’assemblée générale des associés seront exercés
par l’associé unique.

Article 8 Assemblées générales des associés

8.1. Dans l’hypothèse où la Société comporte plus de soixante (60)
associés, une assemblée générale des associés devra être tenue au
minimum dans les six (6) mois suivant la fin de chaque exercice social au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg au siège social de la Société ou a tout autre
endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg tel que précisé dans la
convocation à cette assemblée générale. D’autres assemblées générales
d’associés pourront être tenues aux lieux et heures indiquées dans les
convocations aux assemblées générales correspondantes.

8.2. Lorsque tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à
l’assemblée générale des associés et ont renoncé aux formalités de
convocation, l’assemblée pourra être tenue sans convocation ou
publication préalable.

8.3. Les associés participant a une assemblée par conférence
téléphonique, par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant de les identifier, permettant à toute personne
participant a cette assemblée de s’entendre mutuellement de manière
continue, et permettant une participation effective de ces personnes à
l’assemblée, sont réputés être présents pour le calcul du quorum et des
voix, a la condition que ces moyens de communication soient mis a
disposition au lieu de tenue de l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1)
associé ou son mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social
de la Société.

8.4. Chaque associé peut voter à une assemblée générale par
correspondance au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé par lettre,
courrier électronique, par télécopie ou par tout autre moyen de
communication au siège social de la Société ou a l’adresse mentionnée
dans l’avis de convocation. Les associés peuvent uniquement utiliser les
formulaires de vote par correspondance distribués par la Société et qui
contiennent au moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du
jour de l’assemblée, les propositions soumises aux associés, ainsi que
pour chaque proposition trois cases autorisant l’associé à voter en faveur,
contre ou a s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case appropriée.

8.5. Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne font
pas apparaître (i) un vote en faveur (ii) un vote contre la résolution
proposée ou (iii) une abstention sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette

Page 20


résolution. La Société doit seulement prendre en compte les formulaires de
vote reçus avant l’assemblée générale a laquelle ils se rapportent.

8.6. Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions
supplémentaires à remplir par les associés afin de pouvoir participer aux
assemblées générales des associés.

8.7. Une liste de présence doit être dressée a toutes les assemblées
générales des associés.

Article 9 Quorum, majorité et vote

9.1. Chaque part sociale donne droit a une voix aux assemblées
générales des associés.

9.2. Le conseil de gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout
associé qui ne remplit pas ses obligations telles que décrites par les statuts
ou toute convention a laquelle cet associé est partie.

9.3. Un associé peut décider, à titre personnel, de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de façon permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de
vote. Une telle renonciation lie l’associé renonçant et s’impose à la Société
des notification à cette dernière.

9.4. Si les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont suspendus
conformément à l’article 9.2 ou si un ou plusieurs associés ont renoncé à
leurs droits de vote conformément à l’article 9.3, ces associés conservent
le droit de recevoir à titre informatif les résolutions écrites des associés et
peuvent participer a toute assemblée de la Société, toutefois les parts
sociales qu’ils détiennent ne seront pas comptabilisées pour la
détermination des conditions de quorum et de majorité a respecter durant
les assemblées générales de la Société ou pour déterminer si les
résolutions écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

9.5. Sous réserve de dispositions plus strictes des présents statuts ou
de la Loi, les décisions collectives des associés de la Société ne seront
valablement adoptées que pour autant qu’elles auront été adoptées par
des associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social.

Article 10 Modification des statuts

Toute modification des statuts requiert l’accord des associés
représentant au moins les trois quarts du capital social.

Article 11 Changement de nationalité

Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une
résolution de l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée dans les
conditions requises pour une modification des présents statuts.

D. GERANCE

Article 12 Composition et pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

12.1. La Société peut être gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si la
Société a plusieurs gérants, les gérants forment un conseil de gérance.

Page 21


12.2. Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, le cas
échéant et lorsque le terme « gérant unique » n’est pas expressément
mentionné dans ces statuts, une référence au « conseil de gérance » dans
ces statuts devra être entendue comme une référence au « gérant
unique ».

12.3. Le conseil de gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus
étendus pour agir au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure
nécessaire ou utile pour l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à
l’exception des pouvoirs réservés par la Loi ou par les présents statuts à
l’assemblée générale des associés.

Article 13 Gestion journalière

La gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la
Société en rapport avec une telle gestion journalière peut être déléguée à
un ou plusieurs gérants, dirigeants ou autres agents, agissant
individuellement ou conjointement. Leur nomination, leur révocation et leurs
pouvoirs seront déterminés par une décision du conseil de gérance.

Article 14 Nomination, révocation des gérants et durée du mandat
des gérants

14.1. Les gérants sont nommés par l’assemblée générale des associés
qui détermine leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat. L’assemblée
générale des associés peut décider de nommer des gérants de catégories
différentes, à savoir des gérants de catégorie A (les « Gérants de
Catégorie A ») et des gérants de catégorie B (les « Gérants de Catégorie
B »). Toute référence faite ci-après aux « gérants » doit s’interpréter
comme une référence aux Gérants de Catégorie A et/ou Gérants de
Catégorie B en fonction du contexte et le cas échéant.

14.2. Les gérants sont nommés et peuvent être librement révoqués a
tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une décision des associés.

Article 15 Convocation aux réunions du conseil de gérance

15.1. Le conseil de gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout gérant.
Les réunions du conseil de gérance sont tenues au siège social de la
Société sauf indication contraire dans la convocation à la réunion.

15.2. Une convocation écrite à toute réunion du conseil de gérance doit
être donné aux gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures a l’avance par
rapport a l’heure fixée dans la convocation, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel
cas la nature et les motifs d’une telle urgence seront mentionnés dans la
convocation. Une telle convocation peut être omise en cas d’accord écrit de
chaque gérant, par télécopie, courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen
de communication. Une copie d’un tel document signé constituera une
preuve suffisante d’un tel accord. Aucune convocation préalable ne sera
exigée pour un conseil de gérance dont le lieu et l’heure auront été

Page 22


déterminés par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent conseil de
gérance, communiquée à tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

15.3. Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans l’hypothèse
où tous les gérants seront présents ou représentés à un conseil de gérance
et renonceraient aux formalités de convocation ou dans l’hypothèse de
décisions écrites et approuvées par tous les membres du conseil de
gérance.

Article 16 Conduite des réunions du conseil de gérance

16.1. Le conseil de gérance peut élire un président du conseil de
gérance parmi ses membres. Il peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui
peut ne pas être membre du conseil de gérance et qui sera chargé de tenir
les procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance.

16.2. Le président du conseil de gérance, s’il y en a un, préside toutes
les réunions du conseil de gérance. En son absence, le conseil de gérance
peut nommer provisoirement un autre gérant en qualité de président
temporaire par un vote a la majorité des gérants présents ou représentés à
la réunion.

16.3. Tout gérant peut se faire représenter à chaque réunion du conseil
de gérance en désignant tout autre gérant, indépendamment de la classe a
laquelle ledit gérant appartient, comme son mandataire par écrit, ou par
télécopie, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication, une
copie du mandat en constituant une preuve suffisante. Un gérant peut
représenter un ou plusieurs gérants, mais non la totalité des membres du
conseil de gérance.

16.4. Les réunions du conseil de gérance peuvent également se tenir
par conférence téléphonique ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen
de communication permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de
s'entendre mutuellement sans discontinuité, garantissant une participation
effective à cette réunion. La participation a une réunion par ces moyens
équivaut à une participation en personne.

16.5. Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou statuer valablement
que si au moins la majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée à
une réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où l’assemblée
générale des associés a nommé des gérants de catégories différentes, le
conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou agir valablement que si au moins
un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B est présent
ou représenté à la réunion du conseil de gérance.

16.6. Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des gérants
présents ou représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans
l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des gérants
de catégories différentes, les décisions doivent être adoptées par une

Page 23


majorité de gérants présents ou représentés comprenant au moins un (1)
Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B. Le président du
conseil de gérance, le cas échéant, ne dispose pas d’une voix
prépondérante.

16.7. Le conseil de gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des décisions
par résolution circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit, par
télécopie, par courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de
communication. Chaque gérant peut exprimer son consentement
séparément, l’ensemble des consentements attestant de l'adoption des
décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la dernière signature.

Article 17 Conflit d’intérêts

17.1. 8an dispositions contraires de la Loi, tout gérant qui a,
directement ou indirectement, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale opposé à
celui de la Société a l’occasion d’une opération relevant du conseil de
gérance est tenu d’en prévenir le conseil de gérance et de faire mentionner
cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal de la séance. Le gérant concerné
ne peut prendre part ni aux discussions relatives à cette opération, ni au
vote y afférent. Ce conflit d’intérêts doit également faire l’objet d’un rapport
aux associés, lors de la prochaine assemblée générale des associés, et
avant toute prise de décision de l’assemblée générale des associés sur
tout autre point à l’ordre du jour.

17.2. Lorsque la Société comprend un gérant unique, les opérations
conclues entre la Société et ce gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la
Société doivent être mentionnées dans la décision du gérant unique.

17.3. Lorsque, en raison d’un conflit d’intérêts, le nombre de gérants
requis afin de délibérer valablement n’est pas atteint, le conseil de gérance
peut décider de déférer la décision sur ce point spécifique à l’assemblée
générale des associés.

17.4. Les règles régissant le conflit d’intérêts ne s’appliquent pas
lorsque la décision du conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique se rapporte
à des opérations courantes, conclues dans des conditions normales.

Article 18 Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance;
procès-verbaux des décisions du gérant unique

18.1. Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du conseil de gérance
seront signés par (i) le président, s’il y en a un, ou en son absence, par le
président temporaire, et le secrétaire (s’il y en a un), ou (ii) par deux (2)
gérants, ou par un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie
B, le cas échéant. Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui
pourront être produits en justice ou autre seront, le cas échéant, signés par
le président le cas échéant, ou par deux (2) gérants ou par un (1) Gérant
de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant

Page 24


18.2. Les décisions du gérant unique sont retranscrites dans des
procès-verbaux qui seront signés par le gérant unique. Les copies ou
extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans
tout autre contexte seront signés par le gérant unique.

Article 19 Rapports avec les tiers

19.1. La Société sera valablement engagée à l’égard des tiers en toutes
circonstances (i) par la signature du gérant unique, ou, si la Société a
plusieurs gérants, (ii) par la signature conjointe de deux gérants, et dans
l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des gérants
de catégories différentes, (iii) par la signature conjointe d’un (1) Gérant de
Catégorie A et d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, ou (iv) par la signature
conjointe ou la seule signature de toutes personnes auxquelles un tel
pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par le conseil de gérance, dans les
limites de cette délégation.

19.2. Dans les limites de la gestion journalière, la Société est engagée à
l’égard des tiers par la signature de toutes les personnes auxquelles un tel
pouvoir aura été délégué par le conseil de gérance, agissant
individuellement ou conjointement dans les limites d’une telle délégation.

E. AUDIT ET SURVEILLANCE

Article 20 Commissaire(s) — Réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s)

20.1. Dans l’hypothèse où, et tant que la Société comporte plus de
soixante (60) associés, les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par
un ou plusieurs commissaires. L'assemblée générale des associés désigne
les commissaires et détermine la durée de leurs fonctions.

20.2. Un commissaire pourra être révoqué a tout moment, sans
préavis, avec ou sans motif, par l'assemblée générale des associés.

20.3. Le commissaire a un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanents sur toutes les opérations de la Société.

20.4. Si les associés de la Société désignent un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre
2002 concernant le registre de commerce et des sociétés ainsi que la
comptabilité et les comptes annuels des entreprises, telle que modifiée, la
fonction de commissaire ne sera plus requise.

20.5. Le réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne pourra être révoqué par
l'assemblée générale des associés que pour juste motif ou avec son
accord.

F. EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS — AFFECTATION
DES BENEFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DIVIDENDES

Article 21 Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier de chaque
année et se termine le trente et un décembre de la même année.

Page 25


Article 22 Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices

22.1. Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés et
le conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la
Société, le bilan et le compte de profits et pertes, conformément à la loi.

22.2. Sur les bénéfices annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent (5%)
au moins seront affectés à la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera
d'être obligatoire dès que et tant que le montant total de la réserve légale
de la Société atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

22.3. Les sommes apportées à une réserve de la Société peuvent
également être affectées à la réserve légale.

22.4. En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la
Société pourra être réduite en proportion afin qu'elle n'excède pas dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social.

22.5. Sur proposition du conseil de gérance, l'assemblée générale des
associés décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices distribuables de la
Société conformément à la Loi et aux présents statuts.

22.6. Les distributions aux associés sont effectuées en proportion du
nombre de parts sociales qu’ils détiennent dans la Société.

Article 23 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission et primes
assimilées

23.1. Le conseil de gérance peut procéder au paiement d’acomptes
sur dividendes conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

23.2. Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée (en ce compris tout
compte de “capital surplus”) ou réserve distribuable peut être librement
distribuée aux associés conformément aux dispositions de la Loi et aux
présents statuts.

G. LIQUIDATION

Article 24 Liquidation

24.1. En cas de dissolution de la Société, conformément à l’article 3.2
des présents statuts, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs
liquidateurs nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé
de cette dissolution et qui fixera les pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des
liquidateurs. Sauf dispositions contraires, les liquidateurs disposeront des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation de l’actif et du passif de la
Société.

24.2. Le surplus résultant de la réalisation de l’actif et du passif sera
distribué entre les associés au prorata de leur participation.

H. DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 25 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts, sera déterminé en
conformité avec la Loi.

Page 26


DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES
1. Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution de la
Société et se terminera le 31 décembre 2018.
2. Des acomptes sur dividendes pourront etre distribués pendant le
premier exercice social de la Société.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les seize mille (16.000) parts sociales émises ont été souscrites par
CSL Fund (PB) Holdings C, L.P., susmentionné, pour le prix de seize
mille dollars américains (USD 16.000).

Toutes les parts sociales ainsi souscrites ont été intégralement libérées
par voie d’apport en numéraire, de sorte que le montant de seize mille
dollars américains (USD 16.000) est dès a présent a la disposition de la
Société, ce dont il a été justifié au notaire soussigné.

L’apport global d’un montant de seize mille dollars américains
(USD 16.000) est entièrement affecté au capital social.

DECLARATION
Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l’existence des conditions
prévues par ou posées par l’article 710-6 de la Loi et déclare expressément
qu’elles ont été remplies.

FRAIS

Le montant des dépenses, frais, rémunérations ou charges, sous
quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa
charge en raison de sa constitution est évalué a environ mille quatre cents
euros (EUR 1.400).

La somme de seize mille dollars américains (USD 16.000) correspond a
la somme de quatorze mille cent vingt-quatre euros et vingt-neuf cents
(EUR 14.124,29) conformément au taux de change publié sur la Banque
Centrale Européenne en date du 27 novembre 2018.

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’associé unique fondateur, représentant l'intégralité du capital social de
la Société et ayant renoncé aux formalités de convocation, a adopté les
résolutions suivantes :

1. L'adresse du siège social de la Société est établie au 10-12,
Boulevard Roosevelt, L-2450 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg.

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées Gérants de Catégorie A
pour une durée indéterminée :

Page 27


- Madame Faith ROSENFELD, directrice, née le 22 décembre 1951
au Massachusetts, Etats-Unis d’Amérique, résidant professionnellement au
40 West, 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York 10019, Etats-Unis d’Amérique ;

- Monsieur Marcus COLWELL, directeur, né le 23 mai 1962 au
Michigan, Etats-Unis d’Amérique, résidant professionnellement au 40 West,
57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, 10019, Etats-Unis d’Amérique ; et

- Monsieur Emmanuel BRESSON, directeur, né le 22 janvier 1968 à
Clermont-Ferrand, France, résidant professionnellement au Devonshire
House, 4th Floor, 1 Mayfair Place, London W1J 8AJ, Royaume Uni.

3. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées Gérants de Catégorie B
pour une durée indéterminée :

- Monsieur Francois DALOZE, employé privé, né le 17 octobre
1978 à Charleroi, Belgique, résidant professionnellement au 5, rue
Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg ;

- Monsieur Guillaume SADLER, employé privé, né le 24 juin 1982 a
Sarreguemines, France, résidant professionnellement au 5, rue Guillaume
Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du Luxembourg ; et

- Monsieur Armando José Brochado Soares CORREIA, employé
privé, né le 7 avril 1984 à Lisbonne, Portugal, résidant professionnellement
au 10-12, Boulevard Roosevelt, L-2450 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché du
Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate sur
demande du comparant que le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise
suivi d'une traduction en français ; a la demande du même comparant et en
cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais
fait foi.

Dont acte, passé à Luxembourg, à la date figurant en tête des
présentes.

L'acte ayant été lu au mandataire du comparant connu du notaire
instrumentant par nom, prénom, et résidence, ledit mandataire du
comparant a signé avec le notaire le présent acte.

Signé: C. Petit et M. Schaeffer.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 2, le 30 novembre 2018.
Relation : 2LAC/2018/25366

Reçu soixante-quinze euros (75.- €)

Le receveur/signé/André Muller

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
délivrée à la demande de la prédite société,

Page 28


sur papier libre, aux fins de publication au RESA
Luxembourg, le 31 décembre 2018

Page 29


