Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230549

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.585
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Elior Services Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Siège social: 33, route d’Esch, L-3230 Bettembourg
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION D’UNE SOCIETE A RESPONSABILITE LIMITEE

DU 14 DECEMBRE 2018
Numéro 18/42.632

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the fourteenth of December.

Before us, Maitre Henri BECK, notary, residing in Echternach (Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg).

THERE APPEARED:

Elior Luxembourg Holding S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société à
responsabilité limitée) duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 33, route d’Esch, L-3230
Bettembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Trade and
Companies Register under number B 211056,

hereby represented by Peggy Simon, notary clerk, residing professionally in 9, Rabatt,
L-6475, Echternach, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy given under private
seal.

Said proxy, initialed ne varietur by the appearing party and the notary, will remain
annexed to the present deed to be ﬁled at the same time with the registration authorities.

Such appearing entity, represented as stated hereabove, has requested the
undersigned notary to state as follows the articles of association of a private limited liability
company:

I. Name - Registered office - Obiect - Duration

Art. 1. Name.

1.1. There is formed a private limited liability company (société a responsabilité
limitée) under the name “Elior Services Luxembourg S.à r.l.” (the “Company”), which
shall be governed by the laws of Luxembourg, in particular by the law dated August 10,
1915 on commercial companies as amended (the “Law”), as well as by the present articles
of association (the “Articles”).

Art. 2. Registered office.

2.1. The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established in Bettembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within the same municipality or to any other
municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the board of managers
of the Company and the amendment of these Articles accordingly.

2.2. Branches, subsidiaries or other offices may be established either in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of managers of the Company.
Where the board of managers of the Company determines that extraordinary political or
military developments or events have occurred or are imminent as determined in the sole
discretion of the manager(s) and that these developments or events may interfere with the


normal activities of the Company at its registered office, or the ease of communication
between such office and persons abroad, the registered office may be temporarily
transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these extraordinary circumstances.
Such temporary measures shall have no effect on the nationality of the Company, which,
notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its registered office, will remain a Luxembourg
incorporated company.

Art. 3. Object.

3.1. The object of the Company is, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad,
to operate, manage, supply for its own account or on behalf of others, in any form
whatsoever, all catering, concierge, cleaning services, maintenance and hygiene of any
premises and their environment reserved to communities or to the public and, in general,
all services and all financial, industrial, movable or immovable transactions which may be
directly or indirectly connected with the abovementioned object of the Company.

Art 4. Duration.

4.1. The Company is formed for an unlimited duration.

4.2. The Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution of the shareholders
of the Company adopted in the manner required for the amendment of the Articles.

4.3. The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of civil
rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event affecting one or several of
the shareholders.

ll. Share Capital - Shares

Art. 5. Share Capital.

5.1. The Company's share capital is set at twelve thousand Euros (EUR 12,000.-)
represented by twelve thousand (12,000) shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR
1.-) each, all subscribed and fully paid-up.

5.2. The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced in one or several
times by a resolution of the shareholders, adopted in the manner required for the
amendment of the Articles.

5.3. In addition to the share capital, there may be set up a premium account into which
any premium paid on any share in addition to its nominal value is transferred. The amount
of the premium account may be used to provide for the payment of any shares which the
Company may redeem from its shareholders, to offset any net realised losses, to make
distributions to the shareholders or to allocate funds to the legal reserve.

5.4. In addition to the contributions to the Company in the form of share capital,
shareholders may also make contributions to own funds not remunerated by new shares
recording under the account 115 of the Luxembourg Standard Chart of Accounts to the
Company.

Art. 6. Shares.

6.1. Each share entitles the holder to a fraction of the corporate assets and profits of
the Company in direct proportion to the number of shares in existence.

6.2. Towards the Company, the Company's shares are indivisible, since only one
owner is recognized per share. Joint co-owners must appoint a sole person as their
representative towards the Company.

6.3. Shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

6.4. The transfer of shares (inter vivos) to non-shareholders is subject to the prior

2


approval of the general meeting of shareholders holding at least half of the shares of the
Company.

6.5. A share transfer will only be binding upon the Company or third parties following
a notification to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the civil
code.

For all other matters, reference is being made to articles 710-12 and 710-13 of the
Law.

6.6. A shareholders' register will be kept at the registered office of the Company in
accordance with the provisions of the Law and may be examined by each shareholder who
so requests.

6.7. The Company may redeem its own shares within the limits set forth by the Law.

6.8. The board of managers is authorized to cancel shares held in treasury and to
proceed with the corresponding share capital decrease.

Ill. Management - Representation

Art. 7. Board of managers.

7.1 . The Company is managed by one single manager or several managers appointed
by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders which sets the term of their office.
If several managers have been appointed, they will constitute a board of managers. The
manager(s) need not to be shareholder(s). If the Company is managed by a single
manager, a reference to the “board of managers” used in these Articles is to be construed
as a reference to the “single manager”, unless the context requires othenNise.

7.2. The members of the board of managers might be split into two categories,
respectively denominated “Category A Managers” and “Category B Managers”.

7.3. The managers may be dismissed at any time ad nutum (without any reason) by
a resolution of the shareholders, without any compensation.

Art. 8. Powers of the board of managers.

8.1. All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or the present Articles to the
shareholders fall within the competence of the board of managers, which shall have all
powers to carry out and approve all acts and operations consistent with the Company's
object.

8.2. Special and limited powers may be delegated for determined matters to one or
more agents, whether shareholders or not, by the board of managers of the Company or
in accordance with article 10.1 of the Articles.

Art. 9. Procedure.

9.1. The board of managers shall meet as often as the Company's interests so
requires or upon call of any manager at the place indicated in the convening notice. The
board of managers shall meet when convened by one manager.

9.2. Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers shall be given to all
managers at least 24 (twenty-four) hours in advance of the date set for such meeting,
except in case of emergency, in which case the nature of such circumstances shall be set
forth in the convening notice of the meeting of the board of managers. Convening notices
can be given to each manager by word of mouth, in writing or by fax, cable, telegram, telex,
electronic means or by any other suitable communication means.

9.3. No such convening notice is required if all members of the board of managers of
the Company are present or represented at the meeting and if they state to have been duly

3


informed, and to have had full knowledge of the agenda of the meeting. The notice may
be waived by the consent in writing, whether in original, by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-
mail, of each member of the board of managers of the Company. Separate written notice
shall not be required for meetings that are held at times and places prescribed in a
schedule previously adopted by resolution of the board of managers of the Company.

9.4. Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by appointing in
writing, whether in original, by telefax, e-mail, telegram or telex, another manager as
his/her proxy. A manager may also appoint another manager as his/her proxy by phone,
such appointment to be confirmed in writing subsequently.

9.5. The board of managers can validly deliberate and act only if a majority of its
members is present or represented, with at least one Category A Manager and one
Category B Manager being present or represented, in case the managers are split into two
categories. Resolutions of the board of managers are validly taken by a majority of the
votes cast, including at least the favorable vote of one Category A Manager and of one
Category B Manager in case the managers are split into two categories. The resolutions
of the board of managers will be recorded in minutes signed by all the managers present
or represented at the meeting.

9.6. A manager may attend the meeting and be considered present for the
computation of the quorum and the majority, by videoconference or other similar
telecommunications means initiated from Luxembourg allowing his/her identification.
These means should comply with all technical features guaranteeing the effective
participation to the meeting, whose deliberations shall be broadcasted continuously. In
such case, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the registered office of the Company.

9.7. Circular resolutions signed by all the managers may be allowed and shall be valid
and binding in the same manner as if passed at a meeting duly convened and held. Such
signatures may appear on a single document or on multiple copies of an identical resolution
and may be evidenced by an original or by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail. Circular
resolutions shall be deemed to be taken at the registered office of the Company.

9.8. In the event of a tie vote at a meeting of the board of managers, the decision will
be submitted to the general meeting of shareholders for final decision.

Art. 10. Representation.

10.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by the single
signature of the single manager, or if there are more than one manager, by the joint
signature of any two managers of the Company. In case the managers are split into two
categories, the Company shall mandatorily be bound by thejoint signature of one Category
A Manager and one Category B Manager.

10.2 The Company shall furthermore be bound towards third parties by the joint or
single signature of any person to whom such signatory power has been validly delegated
in accordance with articles 8.2. or 13 of these Articles and within the limits of such power.

Art. 11. Liability of the managers.

11.1 The managers assume, by reason of their mandate, no personal liability in
relation to any commitment validly made by them in the name of the Company, provided
such commitment is in compliance with these Articles as well as the applicable provisions
of the Law.

11.2. To the extent permissible under Luxembourg law, the managers and other

4


officers of the Company, as well as those persons to whom signatory powers have been
validly delegated in accordance with article 8.2 or 13 of these Articles, shall be indemnified
out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses incurred or sustained by them in connection with any actions, claims, suits or
proceedings to which they may be made a party by reason of being or having been
managers, officers or delegates of the Company, by reason of any transaction carried out
by the Company, any contract entered into or any action performed, concurred in, or
omitted, in connection with the execution of their duties save for liabilities and expenses
arising from their gross negligence or wilful default, in each case without prejudice to any
other rights to which such persons may be entitled.

Art. 12. Conflict of Interests.

12.1 Save as othenNise provided by the Law, any manager who has, directly or
indirectly, a financial interest conflicting with the interest of the Company in connection with
a transaction falling within the competence of the board of managers, must inform the
board of managers of such conflict of interest and must have his declaration recorded in
the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant manager may not take part in the
discussions relating to such transaction or vote on such transaction. Any such conflict of
interest must be reported to the next general meeting of the shareholders prior to such
meeting taking any resolution on any other item.

12.2 When the Company is managed by a single manager, transactions made
between the Company and the single manager having an interest conflicting with that of
the Company are specifically mentioned in the resolution of the single manager.

12.3 In case the number of managers required in order to validly deliberate is not met
due a conflicting interest, the board of managers may decide to submit the decision on this
specific item to the general meeting of shareholders.

12.4 The conflict of interest rules shall not apply when the decision of the single
manager or of the board of managers relates to day-to-day transactions entered into under
normal conditions.

Art. 13. Daily management

13.1 The daily management as well as the representation of the Company in relation
to such daily management may be delegated by the board of managers to one or more
managers, officers or other agents, shareholders or not, acting individually orjointly.

13.2. Decisions on the following matters are among the decisions that are not part of
the daily management of the Company and are subject to a prior decision of the Board of
Managers, taken unanimously:

- the issuance of all bonds, endorsements, guarantees and letters of intent for the
benefit of third parties;

- any investment (capex) in excess of an amount, per operation, of twenty thousand
Euro (EUR 20,000.00);

- any disbursement in excess of an amount per transaction of five thousand Euro
(EUR 5,000.00);

- any transfer, assignment, rental management, pledge or other security or other
transaction relating to the goodwill of the Company;

- any acquisition, subscription, transfer or assignment of any asset (movable or
immovable, tangible or intangible, including any security) and any pledge or other security

5


interest in an asset of the Company other than business capital ;

- the conclusion, modification or termination of (i) any medium-term and long-term
borrowings and any cash advances to or from a third party outside the French company
ELIOR GROUP (408 168 003 RCS NANTERRE) (“Elior Group”) and the companies it
controls directly or indirectly within the meaning of Article L233-3 of the French Commercial
Code.

IV. General meetings of shareholders

Art. 14. Powers and voting rights.

14.1. Without prejudice to articles 14.2 and 14.6 of these Articles, resolutions of the
shareholders shall be adopted at general meetings.

14.2. If there are not more than sixty (60) shareholders, the decisions of the
shareholders may be taken by circular resolution. The shareholders shall be consulted in
writing in accordance with article 15.2 of these Articles and shall cast their vote by signing
the circular resolution. The signatures of the shareholders may appear on a single
document or on multiple copies of an identical resolution and may be evidenced by an
original or by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail.

14.3. In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least one general
meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6) months of the end of the financial year
at the registered seat or at any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg specified
in the convening notice. Other general meetings of shareholders may be held at such place
and time specified in the respective convening notices.

14.4. Each shareholder has a voting right commensurate to the number of shares
he/she/it holds. Each share is entitled to one vote.

14.5. Subject to all other powers reserved to the Board of Managers by the Law or the
Articles and subject to the object of the Company, the General meeting of shareholders
has the broadest powers to carry out or ratify acts relating to the operations of the
Company.

14.6. The sole shareholder assumes all powers conferred by the Law to the general
meeting of shareholders. The decisions of the single shareholder are recorded in minutes
or drawn up in writing. Any reference made to the “general meeting of shareholders” used
in these Articles shall be construed as a reference to the “sole shareholder”, unless the
context requires othenNise.

Art. 15. Notices, quorum, majority and voting proceedings.

15.1. The shareholders may be convened or consulted by the board of managers,
failing which by shareholders representing more than half of the share capital of the
Company.

15.2. The shareholders shall be convened or consulted in writing, whether in original
or by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail.

15.3. Written notice of any meeting of the shareholders shall be given to all
shareholders at least 8 (eight) days in advance of the date set for such meeting, except in
case of emergency, in which case the nature of such circumstances shall be set forth in
the convening notice of the meeting.

15.4. Meetings of the shareholders of the Company shall be held at such place and
time as may be specified in the respective convening notices of the meetings.

15.5. If all the shareholders of the Company are present or represented at a meeting

6


of the shareholders of the Company, and consider themselves as being duly convened
and informed of the agenda of the meeting, the meeting may be held without prior notice.

15.6. A shareholder may attend the meeting and be considered present for the
computation of the quorum and the majority, by videoconference or other similar
telecommunications means initiated from Luxembourg allowing his/her/its identification.
These means should comply with all technical features guaranteeing the effective
participation to the meeting, whose deliberations shall be broadcasted continuously. In
such case, a shareholder or his/her/its proxy shall, however, be physically present in the
registered office of the company and the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the
registered ofﬁce of the Company.

15.7. A shareholder may act at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company by
appointing another person (who need not be a shareholder) as his/her/its proxy in writing,
whether in original or by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail.

15.8. Collective decisions are only validly taken insofar as they are adopted by
shareholders owning more than one-half of the share capital of the Company. If this
quorum is not reached at the first meeting or first written consultation, the shareholders
shall be convened or consulted a second time by registered letter, and decisions shall be
adopted by a majority of the votes cast, regardless of the proportion of the share capital
represented.

15.9. However, resolutions to amend the Articles or to dissolve and liquidate the
Company may only be adopted by the shareholders owning at least three quarters of the
share capital of the Company.

15.10. The shareholders can change the nationality of the Company by a resolution
adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these Articles.

V. Annual accounts - Allocation of profits

Art. 16. Accounting Year and annual general meeting.

16.1. The accounting year of the Company shall begin on October 1st of each year
and end on September 30st of the following year.

16.2. Each year, with reference to the end of the Company's year, the board of
managers must prepare the balance sheet and the profit and loss accounts of the
Company as well as an inventory including an indication of the value of the Company's
assets and liabilities, with an annex summarising all the Company's commitments and the
debts of the managers, auditor(s) (if any) and shareholders towards the Company.

16.3. Each shareholder may inspect the above inventory and balance sheet at the
Company's registered office.

Art. 17. Statutoryl External auditor.

17.1. If there are more than sixty (60) shareholders, the operations of the Company
shall be supervised by one or several statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s)), who may or
may not be shareholders.

17.2. To the extent required by the law of 19 December 2002 on the Luxembourg
Trade and Companies Register, the operations of the Company shall be supervised by
one or several external auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agrées).

17.3. The statutory/external auditor(s) will be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders of the Company which will determine their number, their remuneration and
the term of their office.


Art. 18. Allocation of Profits.

18.1. From the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) shall be allocated
to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to be required as soon as such legal
reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the capital of the Company as stated or as
increased or reduced from time to time.

18.2. The general meeting of shareholders has discretionary power to dispose of the
surplus. It may in particular allocate such profit to the payment of a dividend or transfer it
to a reserve or carry it forward.

18.3. Interim dividends may be distributed, at any time, subject to the relevant
provisions of the Law.

VI. Dissolution — Liguidation

Art. 19. Dissolution — Liquidation.

19.1. In the event of a dissolution of the Company, the liquidation will be carried out
by one or several liquidators, who do not need to be shareholders, appointed by a
resolution of the sole shareholder or the general meeting of shareholders which will
determine their powers and remuneration. Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution
of the shareholders or by law, the liquidators shall be invested with the broadest powers
for the realisation of the assets and payments of the liabilities of the Company.

19.2. The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment of the
liabilities of the Company shall be paid to the shareholders in proportion to the shares held
by each shareholder in the Company.

VII. General provision

Art. 20. Applicable law

20.1. Reference is made to the provisions of the Law and to any agreement which
may be entered into among the shareholders from time to time (if any) for all matters for
which no specific provision is made in these Articles.

TRANSITORY PROVISIONS

The first accounting year shall begin on the date of the incorporation of the Company
and shall terminate on September 30, 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION — PAYMENT

All the twelve thousand (12,000) shares have been subscribed by Elior Luxembourg
Holding S.à r.l., prenamed.

All the shares have been fully paid in cash, so that the amount of twelve thousand
Euros (EUR 12,000.-) is at the disposal of the Company, as has been proven to the
undersigned notary, who expressly acknowledges it.

COSTS
The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will have to be

 

borne by the Company as a result of its formation are estimated at one thousand one
hundred Euro (EUR 1.100.-).
RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER
The sole shareholder resolves to:
1. Determine the number of managers at two (2).
2. Appoint the following persons as Company’s managers:

- Category A Manager:
- Mr. Eric WOLFF, born on May 11, 1962 in Fontenay-aux-Roses, France, having

8


his professional address at 2, rue Evariste Galois, BP 80010 Schiltigheim, 67012
Strasbourg Cedex, France.

- Category B Manager:

- Mr. Olivier PETRIGNET, né le 14 mars 1965, a Vesoul, France résidant
professionnellement au 6, impasse des côtes, 70400 Tavey, France.

The duration of the managers’ mandate is unlimited.

3. Determine the address of the Company at 33, route d’Esch, L-3230 Bettembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary who speaks and understands English, states herewith that
the present deed is worded in English, followed by a French version; on request of the
appearing party and in case of divergences between the English and the French text, the
English version will prevail.

Whereof the present deed is drawn up in Echternach, on the day stated at the
beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing party known to
the notary by his name, first name, civil status and residence, the proxyholder of the
appearing party signed together with the notary the present deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE :

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le quatorzième jour de décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Henri BECK, notaire de résidence a Echternach, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

A COMPARU :

Elior Luxembourg Holding S.à r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée dûment
constituée et existante en vertu des lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, dont le siège
social est situé au 33, route d’Esch, L-3230 Bettembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
et enregistrée auprès du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg sous le
numéro B 211056,

ici représentée par Peggy Simon, clerc de notaire, ayant son adresse professionnelle
a 9, Rabatt, L-6475 Echternach, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en vertu d'une procuration
donnée sous seing privé.

Laquelle procuration restera, après avoir été signée ne varietur parla comparante et
le notaire instrumentant, annexée aux présentes pour être formalisée avec elles.

Laquelle comparante, représentée comme indiqué ci-dessus, a requis le notaire
instrumentant de dresser acte d’une société à responsabilité limitée dont il a arrêté les
statuts comme suit :

I. Dénomination - Siége social - Obiet — Durée

Art. 1 ". Dénomination.

1.1. Il est formé une société a responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination « Elior
Services Luxembourg S.à r.l.» (la « Société »), qui sera régie par les lois du
Luxembourg, en particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales telle
que modifiée (la « Loi »), ainsi que par les présent statuts (les « Statuts »).

Art. 2. Siège social.

2.1. Le siège social de la Société est établi à Bettembourg (Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg). Il peut être transféré dans la commune ou dans toute autre commune du

9


Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une résolution du conseil de gérance de la Société et la
modification afférente des Statuts.

2.2. Il peut être créé des succursales, filiales ou bureaux tant au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger par décision du conseil de gérance. Lorsque le conseil de
gérance de la Société estime que des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique ou
militaire se sont produits ou sont imminents, tels que déterminés à la seule discrétion
du(des) gérant(s), et que ces évènements seraient de nature à compromettre l'activité
normale de la Société a son siège social, ou la communication aisée entre le siège social
et l'étranger, le siège social pourra être transféré provisoirement à l'étranger, jusqu'a la
cessation complète de ces circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n'auront
toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société qui, en dépit du transfert de son siège
social, restera une société luxembourgeoise.

Art. 3. Objet social.

3.1. L'objet de la Société est, au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou a l’étranger,
l’exploitation, la gestion, la fourniture pour son propre compte ou pour le compte d’autrui,
sous quelque forme que ce soit, de tous services de restauration, de conciergerie, de
nettoyage d’entretien et d’hygiène de tous locaux et de leur environnement à des
collectivités ou au public et d’une manière générale toutes prestations de services et toutes
opérations financières, industrielles, mobilières ou immobilières pouvant se rattacher
directement ou indirectement à l’objet social de la Société.

Art. 4. Durée.

4.1. La Société est formée pour une durée indéterminée.

4.2. La Société peut être dissoute, a tout moment, par une résolution des associés de
la Société adoptée selon les modalités requises pour la modification des Statuts.

4.3. La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de l'interdiction, de
l'incapacité, de l'insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre événement similaire affectant un
ou plusieurs associés.

ll. Capital social - Parts sociales

Art. 5. Capital Social.

5.1. Le capital social de la Société est fixé à douze mille Euros (EUR 12.000,-),
représenté par douze mille (12.000,-) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale d’un Euro (EUR
1,-) chacune, toutes souscrites et entièrement libérées.

5.2. Le capital social de la Société pourra être augmenté ou réduit à une ou plusieurs
reprises par résolution des associés adoptée selon les modalités requises pour la
modification des Statuts.

5.3. En plus du capital social, un compte de prime d’émission peut être établi auquel
toutes les primes payées sur une part sociale en plus de la valeur nominale seront
transférées. L’avoir de ce compte de primes peut être utilisé pour effectuer le
remboursement en cas de rachat des parts sociales des associés par la Société, pour
compenser des pertes nettes réalisées, pour effectuer des distributions aux associés, ou
pour être affecté à la réserve légale.

5.4. En plus des apports faits à la Société sous la forme de capital social, les associés
auront la possibilité de procéder à des apports en capitaux propres non rémunérés par
des titres enregistrés sous le compte 115 conformément au Plan Comptable Normalisé
luxembourgeois.

10


Art. 6. Parts sociales.

6.1. Chaque part sociale donne droit a son détenteur a une fraction des actifs et
bénéfices de la Société en proportion directe avec le nombre des parts sociales existantes.

6.2. Envers la Société, les parts sociales de la Société sont indivisibles, de sorte qu'un
seul propriétaire par part sociale est admis. Les copropriétaires doivent désigner une seule
personne qui les représente auprès de la Société.

6.3. Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.4. La cession de parts sociales (entre vifs) a non associés est soumise à l’accord
préalable de l’assemblée générale des associés représentant au moins la moitié des parts
sociales de la Société.

6.5. Une cession de parts sociales n'est opposable a la Société ou aux tiers qu'après
qu'elle ait été notifiée à la Société ou acceptée par elle en conformité avec l'article 1690
du code civil.

Pour toutes les autres questions, il est fait référence aux articles 710-12 et 710-13 de
la Loi.

6.6. Un registre des associés sera tenu au siège social de la Société conformément
aux dispositions de la Loi et pourra être consulté par chaque associé qui le désire.

6.7. La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales dans les limites fixées parla
Loi.

6.8. Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler les parts sociales propres détenues
parla Société et à procéder à la réduction de capital correspondante.

Ill. Gestion - Représentation

Art. 7. Conseil de gérance.

7.1. La société est gérée par un gérant unique ou plusieurs gérants nommés par
l’assemblée générale des associés, qui fixeront la durée de leur mandat. Si plusieurs
gérants sont nommés, ils constitueront un conseil de gérance. Le(s) gérant(s) n'est (ne
sont) pas nécessairement associé(s). Si la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, une
référence au « conseil de gérance » utilisée dans ces Statuts devra être interprétée
comme une référence au « gérant unique », a moins que le contexte ne requière une
interprétation différente.

7.2. Les membres du conseil de gérance peuvent ou non être répartis en deux
catégories, nommés respectivement « Gérants de catégorie A » et « Gérants de
catégorie B ».

7.3. Les gérants sont révocables a n'importe quel moment ad nutum (sans justifier
d'une raison) par une résolution des associés, sans indemnités quelconques.

Art. 8. Pouvoirs du conseil de gérance.

8.1. Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés parla Loi ou les présents Statuts
aux associés seront de la compétence du conseil de gérance, qui aura tous pouvoirs pour
effectuer et approuver tous actes et opérations conformes à l'objet social de la Société.

8.2. Des pouvoirs spéciaux et limités pour des tâches spécifiques peuvent être
délégués à un ou plusieurs agents, associés ou non, par le conseil de gérance de la
Société ou conformément à l'article 10.1 des Statuts.

Art. 9. Procédure.

9.1. Le conseil de gérance se réunira aussi souvent que l'intérêt de la Société l'exige
ou sur convocation d'un gérant au lieu indiqué dans l'avis de convocation. Le conseil de

11


gérance se réunira suite a la convocation donnée par un gérant.

9.2. Il sera donné a tous les gérants une convocation écrite de toute réunion du
conseil de gérance au moins 24 (vingt-quatre) heures avant la date prévue pour la réunion,
sauf en cas d'urgence, auquel cas la nature de cette urgence sera mentionnée dans la
convocation de la réunion du conseil de gérance. Les convocations peuvent être faites aux
gérants oralement, par écrit ou par téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex, moyens
électroniques ou par tout autre moyen de communication approprié.

9.3. Cette convocation écrite n'est pas nécessaire si tous les membres du conseil de
gérance de la Société sont présents ou représentés à la réunion et s'ils déclarent avoir été
dûment informés et avoir parfaite connaissance de l'ordre du jour de la réunion. Il peut
aussi être renoncé à la convocation écrite avec l'accord écrit de chaque membre du conseil
de gérance de la Société soit en original, soit par télégramme, télex, facsimile ou courrier
électronique. Des convocations écrites séparées ne seront pas exigées pour des réunions
se tenant à une heure et a un endroit prévus dans un calendrier préalablement adopté par
résolution du conseil de gérance de la Société.

9.4. Tout gérant peut participer a toute réunion du conseil de gérance en nommant
par écrit, soit en original ou par téléfax, courrier électronique, télégramme ou télex, un
autre gérant comme son mandataire. Un gérant peut également nommer un autre gérant
comme son mandataire par téléphone, mais cette nomination devra ensuite être confirmée
par écrit.

9.5. Le conseil de gérance ne pourra délibérer et agir valablement que si la majorité
de ses membres sont présents ou représentés, avec au moins un Gérant de catégorie A
et un Gérant de catégorie B devant être présent ou représenté si les gérants sont répartis
en deux catégories. Les décisions du conseil de gérance ne sont prises valablement qu'a
la majorité des voix exprimées, avec au moins le vote affirmatif d’un Gérant de catégorie
A et d’un Gérant de catégorie B si les gérants sont répartis en deux catégories. Les
décisions du conseil de gérance seront consignées dans des procès-verbaux signés par
tous les gérants présents ou représentés à la réunion.

9.6. Un gérant peut participer a la réunion, et être réputé présent pour le calcul du
quorum et de la majorité, par visioconférence ou par des moyens de télécommunication
initiés depuis Luxembourg permettant son identification. Ces moyens doivent satisfaire à
des caractéristiques techniques garantissant la participation effective à la réunion, dont les
délibérations sont retransmises de façon continue. Dans ce cas, la réunion est réputée
être tenue au siège social de la Société.

9.7. Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants peuvent être autorisées
et seront valables et engageront la Société comme si elles avaient été adoptées à une
réunion du conseil de gérance dûment convoquée et tenue. Les signatures des gérants
peuvent être apposées sur un document unique ou sur plusieurs copies d'une résolution
identique, confirmées en original, par télégramme, telex, facsimile ou courrier électronique.
Les résolutions circulaires seront réputées être prises au siège de la Société.

9.8. En cas de partage des voix lors d’une réunion du conseil de gérance, la décision
sera soumise à l’assemblée générale des associés qui prendra la décision finale.

Art. 10. Représentation.

10.1. La Société sera engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances par la
signature du Gérant Général, ou si la Société est gérée par un conseil de gérance, par les

12


signatures conjointes de deux gérants. Dans l’éventualité où deux catégories de gérants
sont créées, la Société sera obligatoirement engagée par la signature conjointe d’un
Gérant de catégorie A et d’un Gérant de catégorie B.

10.2. La Société sera en outre engagée vis-à-vis des tiers parla signature conjointe
ou unique de toute personne a qui ce pouvoir de signature a été valablement délégué
conformément aux articles 8.2. ou 13 des Statuts et dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

Art. 11. Responsabilité des gérants.

11.1. Les gérants ne contractent a raison de |eur fonction aucune obligation
personnelle concernant |es engagements régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la Société,
dans la mesure où ces engagements sont pris en conformité avec les Statuts et les
dispositions applicables de la Loi.

11.2. Dans la mesure permise parla loi luxembourgeoise, les gérants et autres fondés
de pouvoir de la Société, ainsi que toutes les personnes a qui des pouvoirs de signature
ont été valablement délégués conformément à l'article 8.2 ou 13 des présents Statuts
seront indemnisés par prélèvement sur les actifs de la Société contre tous les coûts, frais,
pertes, dommages et dépenses encourus ou supportés par eux en relation avec toutes
actions, plaintes, procès ou procédures auxquels ils peuvent être partie en raison de leur
statut actuel ou passé de gérants, fondés de pouvoir ou délégués de la Société, en raison
de toute transaction effectuée par la Société, tout contrat conclu ou action accomplie, ou
omise ou dans laquelle ils ont participé, en relation avec l'exécution de leurs obligations, à
l'exception des dommages et dépenses dues à leur faute lourde ou manquement dolosif,
dans chaque cas, sans préjudice de tous les autres droits dont ces personnes peuvent
jouir.

Art. 12. Conflit d’Intérêt

12.1 Sauf disposition contraire de la Loi, tout gérant qui a, directement ou
indirectement, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale en conflit avec l'intérêt de la Société a
l’occasion d'une opération relevant de la compétence du conseil de gérance, est tenu d’en
prévenir le conseil de gérance et de faire mentionner cette déclaration au procès-verbal
de la réunion du conseil de gérance. Le gérant concerné ne peut pas prendre part aux
discussions relatives à cette opération ou au vote sur l’opération concernée. Un tel conflit
d'intérêts doit être signalé à la prochaine assemblée générale des associés avant tout vote
sur d’autres résolutions.

12.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, les transactions effectuées
entre la Société et le gérant unique ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société sont
expressément mentionnés dans la résolution du gérant unique.

12.3 Dans le cas où le nombre de gérants requis pour délibérer valablement n’est pas
atteint en raison d'un conflit d'intérêts, le conseil de gérance peut décider de soumettre la
décision sur ce point spécifique à l'assemblée générale des associés.

12.4 Les règles relatives au conflit d'intérêts ne sont pas applicables lorsque la
décision du gérant unique ou du conseil de gérance se rapporte à des opérations
courantes conclues dans des conditions normales.

Art. 13. Gestion journalière

13.1. La gestion journalière, ainsi que la représentation de la Société en ce qui
concerne cette gestion, peuvent être déléguées a un ou plusieurs gérants, directeurs, et
autres agents, associés ou non, agissant seuls ou conjointement.

13


13.2. Les décisions portant sur les points suivants figurent parmi les décisions qui
n’entrent pas dans la gestion quotidienne de la Société et font l’objet d’une décision
préalable du Conseil de gérance, prise à l’unanimité :

- la délivrance de toutes cautions, avals, garanties et lettres d’intention au profit des
tiers ;

- tout investissement (capex) au-delà d’un montant, par opération, de vingt-mille
euros (EUR 20.000,00).

- tout décaissement au-delà d’un montant, par opération, de cinq mille euros (EUR
5.000,00),

- tout transfert, cession, mise en location gérance, nantissement, gage ou autre
sûreté ou autre opération portant sur le fonds de commerce de la Société ;

- toute acquisition, souscription, transfert ou cession d’un quelconque actif (mobilier
ou immobilier, corporel ou incorporel, y compris toute valeur mobilière) ainsi que toute
constitution de nantissements, gages ou autres sûreté portant sur un actif de la Société
autre que le fonds de commerce ;

- la conclusion, la modification ou la résiliation (i) de tous emprunts à moyen et long
terme et de toutes avances de trésorerie, auprès ou au profit d'un tiers qui serait extérieur
à la société de droit français ELIOR GROUP (408 168 003 RCS NANTERRE) (« Elior
Group ») et les sociétés qu’elle contrôle directement ou indirectement au sens de l’article
L233-3 du Code de commerce Français).

IV. Assemblées générales des associés

Art. 14. Pouvoirs et droits de vote.

14.1. Sans préjudice des articles 14.2 et 14.6 des présents Statuts, les résolutions
des associés sont adoptées en assemblées générales.

14.2. Si le nombre d'associés n'excède pas soixante (60) associés, les décisions des
associés pourront étre prises par résolution circulaire. Les associés seront consultés par
écrit conformément à l'article 15.2 des présents Statuts et exprimeront leur vote en signant
la résolution circulaire. Les signatures des associés peuvent être apposées sur un
document unique ou sur plusieurs copies d'une résolution identique, confirmées en
original, par télégramme, télex, facsimile ou courrier électronique.

14.3. Dans le cas où la Société a plus de soixante (60) associés, il doit étre tenu
chaque année au moins une assemblée générale dans les six mois de la fin de l’exercice
social au siège social de la Société ou a tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
indiqué dans la convocation. D’autres assemblées générales des associés peuvent être
tenues aux lieux et heures indiqués dans les convocations afférentes.

14.4. Chaque associé a un droit de vote proportionnel au nombre de parts sociales
qu’il détient. Chaque part sociale donne droit a un vote.

14.5. Sous réserve de tous autres pouvoirs réservés au Conseil de Gérance en vertu
de la loi ou les Statuts et conformément à l’objet social de la Société, elle a les pouvoirs
les plus larges pour décider ou ratifier tous actes relatifs aux opérations de la Société.

14.6. L'associé unique assume tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi à l'assemblée
générale des associés. Les décisions de l'associé unique sont consignées en procès-
verbaux ou rédigées par écrit. Toute référence faite a l’ « assemblée générale des
associés » utilisée dans ces statuts devra être interprétée comme une référence a

l’ « associé unique », a moins que le contexte ne requière une interprétation différente.

14


Art. 15. Convocations, quorum, majorité et procédure de vote.

15.1. Les associés peuvent étre convoqués ou consultés par le conseil de gérance
ou par le gérant unique (selon le cas) ou, à défaut, par des associés représentant plus de
la moitié du capital social de la Société.

15.2. Les associés sont convoqués ou consultés par écrit, soit en original ou par
télégramme, télex, facsimile ou courrier électronique.

15.3 Une convocation écrite à toute assemblée des associés sera donnée a tous les
associés au moins 8 (huit) jours avant la date fixée de l'assemblée, sauf en cas d'urgence,
auquel cas la nature de ces circonstances sera précisée dans la convocation de ladite
assemblée.

15.4. Les assemblées des associés de la Société seront tenues aux lieux et heures
précisés dans les convocations respectives des assemblées.

15.5. Si tous les associés de la Société sont présents ou représentés à l'assemblée
des associés et se considèrent eux-mêmes comme dûment convoqués et informés de
l'ordre du jour de l'assemblée, l'assemblée pourra se tenir sans convocation préalable.

15.6. Un associé peut participer à l’assemblée, et être réputé présent pour le calcul
du quorum et de la majorité, par visioconférence ou par des moyens de télécommunication
initiés depuis Luxembourg permettant son identification. Ces moyens doivent satisfaire à
des caractéristiques techniques garantissant la participation effective à l’assemblée, dont
les délibérations sont retransmises de façon continue. Dans ce cas, un associé ou son
mandataire devra toutefois être physiquement présent au siège social de la société et
l’assemblée sera réputée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

15.7. Un associé peut prendre part a toute assemblée générale des associés de la
Société en désignant une autre personne comme mandataire (associé ou non) par écrit,
soit en original, soit par télégramme, télex, facsimile ou courrier électronique.

15.8. Les décisions collectives ne sont valablement prises que dans la mesure où
elles sont adoptées par des associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social. Si ce
quorum n'est pas atteint à la première assemblée ou première consultation écrite, les
associés seront convoqués ou consultés une seconde fois, par lettre recommandée, et les
décisions seront adoptées à la majorité des voix exprimées, sans tenir compte de la
proportion du capital social représenté.

15.9. Cependant, les résolutions pour modifier les Statuts ou pour dissoudre et
liquider la Société ne peuvent être adoptées que par des associés détenant au moins les
trois quarts du capital social de la Société.

15.10. Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une résolution
adoptée de la manière requise pour une modification de ces Statuts.

V. Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices

Art. 16. Exercices sociaux et assemblées générales annuelles.

16.1. L'exercice social de la Société commence le 1er octobre de chaque année et se
termine le 30 septembre de l’année suivante.

16.2. Chaque année, a la ﬁn de l'exercice social de la Société, le conseil de gérance
dresse le bilan et le compte de pertes et profits de la Société ainsi qu'un inventaire
indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs de la Société avec une annexe résumant tous les
engagements de la Société et les dettes des gérant(s), auditeur(s) (s'il y en a) et des
associés de la Société.

15


16.3. Tout associé peut prendre connaissance de ces inventaires et bilan au siège
social de la Société.

Art. 17. Commissaire I Réviseur d'entreprise.

17.1. Si Ie nombre d'associés dépasse soixante (60) associés, les opérations de la
Société seront surveillées par un ou plusieurs commissaires, associés ou non.

17.2. Dans la mesure requise par la loi du 19 décembre 2002 sur Ie registre du
commerce et des sociétés, les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par un ou
plusieurs réviseurs d’entreprises agréées.

17.3. Le(s) commissaire(s) / réviseur(s) d'entreprises sera (seront) nommé(s) par
l'assemblée générale des associés de la Société qui déterminera leur nombre,
rémunération et la durée de leur mandat.

Art. 18. Affectation des bénéfices.

18.1. Cinq pour cent (5 %) des bénéfices nets annuels de la Société seront affectés
à la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera d'être exigée dès que la réserve légale aura
atteint dix pour cent (10 %) du capital social de la Société tel qu'il est fixé ou tel
qu'augmenté ou réduit selon l'article 5 des Statuts.

18.2. L'assemblée générale des associés décidera discrétionnairement de
l'affectation du solde des bénéfices nets annuels. Elle pourra en particulier allouer ce
bénéfice au paiement d'un dividende, l'affecter a une réserve ou le reporter.

18.3. Des dividendes intérimaires peuvent être distribués, à tout moment,
conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

VI. Dissolution — Liguidation

Art. 19. Dissolution — Liquidation

19.1. En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou
plusieurs liquidateurs, qui n'ont pas besoin d'être associés, nommés par une résolution de
l'associé unique ou de l'assemblée générale des associés qui déterminera leurs pouvoirs
et leur rémunération. Sauf disposition contraire prévue par la Loi ou la décision des
associés, les liquidateurs seront investis des pouvoirs les plus larges pour la réalisation
des actifs et du paiement des dettes de la Société.

19.2. Le boni de liquidation résultant de la réalisation des actifs et après paiement des
dettes de la Société sera distribué aux Associés proportionnellement au nombre d'actions
détenues par chaque associé dans la Société.

VII. Dispositions générales

Art. 20. Loi Applicable

20.1. Il est fait référence aux dispositions de la Loi et a tout contrat qui peut être conclu
entre les associés de temps a autre (le cas échéant) pour tous les points qui ne font pas
l'objet d'une disposition spécifique dans ces présents Statuts.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution de la Société et se
termine le 30 septembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTIONS — PAIEMENT

Toutes les douze mille (12.000) parts sociales ont été souscrites par Elior
Luxembourg Holding S.à r.l., précitée.

Toutes les parts sociales ont été entièrement libérées par versement en espèces, de
sorte que la somme de douze mille Euros (EUR 12.000,-) est a la disposition de la Société,

16


ce qui a été prouvé au notaire instrumentant, qui le reconnaît expressément.
FRAIS
Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque forme que ce soit, qui

 

incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa charge a raison de sa constitution ont été
estimés à environ mille cent Euros (EUR 1.100.-).
DECISIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’associée unique a décidé de :

1. Déterminer le nombre de gérants a deux (2).

2. Nommer les personnes suivantes en tant que gérants de la Société :

- Gérant de catégorie A :

- Mr. Éric WOLFF, né le 11 mai 1962 a Fontenay-aux-Roses, France, résidant
professionnellement au 2, rue Evariste Galois, BP 80010 Schiltigheim, 67012 Strasbourg
Cedex, France.

- Gérant de catégorie B :

- Mr. Olivier PETRIGNET, né le 14 mars 1965, à Vesoul, France résidant
professionnellement au 6, impasse des cötes, 70400 Tavey, France.

La durée du mandat des gérants est illimitée.

3. Déterminer l’adresse du siège social au 33, route d’Esch, L-3230 Bettembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné, qui a personnellement la connaissance de la langue anglaise,
déclare que la comparante l’a requis de documenter le présent acte en langue anglaise,
suivi d’une version française, et en cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte
français, le texte anglais fera foi.

DONT ACTE,

fait et passé a Echternach, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, date qu’en tête des
présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire de la comparante, celle-
ci a signé le présent acte avec le notaire.

(Signé) : P.SIMON, Henri BECK

Enregistré à Grevenmacher Actes Civils, 18 décembre 2018

Relation : GAC/2018/10252

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur: (signé) G. SCHLINK

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

délivrée à demande, aux fins de la publication au RESA.
Echternach, le 21 décembre 2018

17


