Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230539

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.434
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Digital Barriers S.A R.L.
Société a responsabilité limitée
Siège social: 15 Rue Edward Steichen L- 2540 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION d’une
société à responsabilité limitée
du 07 décembre 2018
No 47775

In the year two thousand and eighteen,
on the seventh day of the month of December.

Before us Maître Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notary, residing in

SANEM (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg),
there appeared:

“Digital Barriers Services Limited”, a company incorporated and
existing under the laws of England and Wales, established and having its
registered office at Milton Gate, 60 Chiswell Street, London, EC1Y 4AG,
registered with the Company Register of England and Wales with company
number 06883884 (the “Sole Shareholder”),

here represented by:

Mr Brendan D. KLAPP, Employee, professionally residing in Belvaux,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

pursuant to a proxy given to him under private seal in London (United
Kingdom), on 03 December 2018,

which proxy, after being signed “ne varietur” by the proxyholder of the
appearing party and the undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the
present deed for registration purposes.

Such appearing party, through its proxyholder, has requested the
officiating notary to enact the deed of incorporation of a private limited liability
company (société à responsabilité limitée) which it wishes to incorporate with
the following articles of association:

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name — Legal Form

There exists a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
Iimitée) under the name “Digital Barriers S.A R.L.” (hereinafter the
“Company”) which shall be governed by the law of 10 August 1915
concerning commercial companies, as amended (the “Law”), as well as by
the present articles of association.

PAGE 1


Article 2 Purpose

2.1. The Company may develop and sell software as a service licenses
as well as IT hardware and related products to telecommunication
companies, enterprise businesses and other organisations.

2.2. The Company may acquire, hold, lease or assign real estate for its
own account, in Luxembourg or abroad.

2.3. The purpose of the Company is the acquisition of participations, in
Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in any form
whatsoever and the management of such participations. The Company may
in particular acquire by subscription, purchase and exchange or in any other
manner any stock, shares and other participation securities, bonds,
debentures, certificates of deposit and other debt instruments and more
generally, any securities and financial instruments issued by any public or
private entity. lt may participate in the creation, development, management
and control of any company or enterprise. lt may further invest in the
acquisition and management of a portfolio of patents or other intellectual
property rights of any nature or origin.

2.4. The Company may use its funds to create, manage, develop and
liquidate a portfolio consisting of any securities or patents of whatever origin,
to participate in the creation, development and control of any company, to
acquire securities and patents by way of investment, subscription,
undenNriting or by option to purchase and any other way whatever in order
to realise them by way of sale, transfer, exchange or otherwise, have
developed these securities and patents, to grant any support, loans,
advances or guarantees to the companies in which it has participating
interests.

2.5. The Company may also borrow in any form, lt may issue notes,
bonds and any kind of debt and equity securities. The Company may lend
funds including, without limitation, the proceeds of any borrowings, to its
subsidiaries, affiliated companies and any other companies. The Company
may also give guarantees and pledge, transfer, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise create and grant security over all or some of its assets to guarantee
its own obligations and those of any other company, and, generally, for its
own benefit and that of any other company or person. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Company may not carry out any regulated activities of the financial
sector without having obtained the required authorization.

2.6. The Company may use any techniques and instruments to
efficiently manage its investments and to protect itself against credit risks,
currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks.

2.7. The Company may carry out any commercial, financial or industrial
operations and any transactions with respect to real estate or movable
property which, directly or indirectly, favor or relate to its corporate object.

Article 3 Duration
3.1 The Company is established for an unlimited period of time.
3.2 lt may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the general

meeting of shareholders adopted by half of the shareholders representing
three quarters of the share capital at least.

Article 4 Registered office

4.1 The registered office of the Company is established in the City
of Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4.2 The board of managers may transfer the registered office of
the Company within the same municipality to any other municipality in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and amend these articles of association
accordingly. In the case of a sole shareholder, the transfer of the registered

PAGE 2


office of the Company to another municipality in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg requires a decision of the sole shareholder.

4.3 Branches or other offices may be established either in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of
managers.

4.4 In the event that the board of managers determines that
extraordinary political, economic or social circumstances or natural disasters
have occurred or are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities
of the Company at its registered office, the registered office may be
temporarily transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these
extraordinary circumstances; such temporary measures shall not affect the
nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of
its registered office, shall remain a Luxembourg company.

B. SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES

Article 5 Share Capital

5.1 The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euros
(12’000.- EUR) represented by one hundred and twenty (120) shares with
a nominal value of one hundred euros (100.- EUR) each.

5.2 The subscribed share capital may be increased or reduced at
any time by resolution of the meeting of the shareholder(s) deliberating in the
manner provided for amendments to the Articles. Such increase of capital
may be realised in whole or in part on one or more occasions with or without
the issue of shares against payment in cash or in kind or against an
incorporation of share premium, account 115, distributable reserves or
retained earnings.

5.3 The Company may repurchase its own shares subject to the
provisions of the Law.

5.4 The board of managers is authorised to cancel shares held in
treasury and to proceed with the corresponding share capital reduction.

Article 6 Shares — Transfer of shares

6.1 The Company’s share capital is divided into shares, each of
them having the same nominal value.

6.2 The shares of the Company are in registered form.

6.3 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a
maximum of one hundred (100) shareholders.

6.4 Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or
insolvency or any other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall
not cause the dissolution of the Company.

6.5 A register of shares shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder. This
register shall contain all the information required by the Law. Certificates
evidencing registrations made in the register with respect to a shareholder
may be issued upon request and at the expense of that shareholder.

6.6 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case
a share is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single
representative who shall represent them towards the Company. The
Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that
share, except for relevant information rights, until such representative has
been appointed.

6.7 The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

6.8 Inter vivos, the shares may only be transferred to new
shareholders subject to the approval of such transfer given by the
shareholders at a majority of three quarters of the share capital.

6.9 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a
third party transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to

PAGE 3


the Company with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the
identity of the transferee, the conditions applicable to the transfer (if any) and
the transfer price.

6.10 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of
the Company in accordance with article 6.8, the shareholders may, within
three (3) months from the date of the refusal, acquire the shares on an equal
treatment basis (unless otherwise agreed between them) or procure the
acquisition of the share(s), at a price determined in accordance with article
6.12, except if the transferring shareholder decides to forego the transfer.
Upon request of the board of managers, the three-month period can be
extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg
dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings, it
being understood that such extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

6.11 To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to
acquire the shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with
the consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the
relevant shares and (ii) repurchase and cancel such shares at a price
determined in accordance with article 6.12.

6.12 For the purposes of articles 6.10 and 6.11, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as
determined in good faith by the board of managers.

6.13 If, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders nor the Company have acquired or redeemed the
shares, the transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the
proposed new shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions that were
notified to the Company.

6.14 Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the
Company and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon
the acceptance of the transfer by the Company in accordance with article
1690 of the Civil Code.

C. DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 7 Collective decisions of the shareholders

7.1 The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers
expressly reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of association.

7.2 Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions
irrespective of the number of shares which he owns.

7.3 In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty
(60) shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means of
written resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to these articles
of association. To this effect, each shareholder shall receive the full text of
the resolutions to be adopted and shall cast his vote in writing.

7.4 In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall
exercise the powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under
the provisions of section XII of the Law and by these articles of association.
In such case, any reference made herein to the “general meeting of
shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the sole shareholder,
depending on the context and as applicable, and powers conferred upon the
general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the sole shareholder.

Article 8 General meetings of shareholders

8.1 In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders,
at least one general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6)
months of the end of each financial year in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
at the registered office of the Company or at such other place as may be
specified in the convening notice of such meeting. Other meetings of

PAGE 4


shareholders may be held at such place and time as may be specified in the
respective convening notices of meeting.

8.2 If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a
general meeting of shareholders and have waived any convening
requirements, the meeting may be held without prior notice.

8.3 Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call,
through video conference or by any other means of communication allowing
for their identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear
one another on a continuous basis and allowing for an effective participation
of all such persons in the meeting, are deemed to be present for the
computation of the quorums and votes, subject to such means of
communication being made available at the place of the meeting. In such
case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxyholder shall be physically
present at the registered office of the Company.

8.4 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a
signed voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means
of communication to the Company’s registered office or to the address
specified in the convening notice. The shareholders may only use voting
forms provided by the Company which contain at least the place, date and
time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to
the shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the
shareholder to vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by
ticking the appropriate box.

8.5 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i)
a vote in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an
abstention are void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only
take into account voting forms received prior to the general meeting to which
they relate.

8.6 The board of managers may determine further conditions that
must be fulfilled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general
meeting of shareholders.

8.7 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

Article 9 Quorum, majority and vote
9.1 Each share entities to one vote in general meetings of
shareholders.

9.2 The board of managers may suspend the voting rights of any
shareholder in breach of his obligations as described by these articles of
association or any relevant contractual arrangement entered into by such
shareholder.

9.3 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise,
temporarily or permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving
shareholder is bound by such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the
Company upon notification to the latter.

9.4 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 9.2 or the exercise of the voting rights
has been waived by one or several shareholders in accordance with article
9.3, such shareholders are entitled to receive written shareholders’
resolutions (for information purposes only) and may attend any general
meeting of the Company but the shares they hold are not taken into account
for the determination of the conditions of quorum and majority to be complied
with at the general meetings of the Company or to determine if written
resolutions have been validly adopted.

9.5 Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of
association or by the Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only

PAGE 5


validly taken in so far as they are adopted by shareholders holding more than
half (1/2) of the share capital.

Article 10 Amendments of the articles of association

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters (3/4) of the share capital at least.

Article 11 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner
required for an amendment of these articles of association.

D. MANAGEMENT

Article 12 Powers of the sole manager - Composition and
powers of the board of managers

12.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers.
If the Company has several managers, the managers form a board of
managers.

12.2 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, to the extent
applicable and where the term “sole manager” is not expressly mentioned in
these articles of association, a reference to the “board of managers” used in
these articles of association is to be construed as a reference to the “sole
manager”.

12.3 The board of managers is vested with the broadest powers to
act in the name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful
to fulfil the Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers
reserved by the Law or by these articles of association to the general meeting
of shareholders.

Article 13 Appointment, removal and term of office of
managers

13.1 The manager(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders which shall determine their remuneration and term of office.
The general meeting of shareholders may decide to appoint managers of
different classes, namely class A managers (the “Class A Managers”) and
class B managers (the “Class B Managers”). Any reference made
hereinafter to the “managers” shall be construed as a reference to the Class
A Managers and/or the Class B Managers, depending on the context and as
applicable.

13.2 The managers shall be appointed and may be removed from
office at any time, with or without cause, by a collective decision of the
shareholders representing more than half of the Company’s share capital.

Article 14 Convening meetings of the board of managers

14.1 The board of managers shall meet upon call by any manager.
The meetings of the board of managers shall be held at the registered office
of the Company unless otherwise indicated in the notice of meeting.

14.2 Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be
given to managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the time
scheduled for the meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the
nature and the reasons of such emergency must be mentioned in the notice.
Such notice may be omitted in case of consent of each manager in writing,
by facsimile, electronic mail or any other similar means of communication, a
copy of such signed document being sufficient proof thereof. No prior notice
shall be required for a board meeting to be held at a time and location
determined in a prior resolution adopted by the board of managers which has
been communicated to all managers.

14.3 No prior notice shall be required in case all managers are
present or represented at a board meeting and waive any convening

PAGE 6


requirement or in the case of resolutions in writing approved and signed by
all members of the board of managers.

Article 15 Conduct of meetings of the board of managers

15.1 The board of managers may elect a chairman from among its
members, but who shall not have a casting vote. It may also choose a
secretary, who does not have to be a manager and who shall be responsible
for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the board of managers.

15.2 The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of the board of
managers but in his absence, the board of managers may appoint another
manager as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority of managers
present or represented at any such meeting.

15.3 Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers
by appointing another manager as his proxy in writing or by facsimile,
electronic mail or any other similar means of communication, a copy of the
appointment being sufficient proof thereof. A manager may represent one or
more but not all of the other managers.

15.4 In exceptional cases, any manager may participate in any meeting
of the board of managers by conference call or by other similar means of
communication allowing all the persons taking part in the meeting to hear
one another and to communicate with one another. A meeting may also be
held by conference call only provided that no manager participates in
meetings (telephone conferences) by telephone from the United Kingdom.
The participation in, or the holding of, a meeting by these means is equivalent
to a participation in person at such meeting or the holding of a meeting in
person.

15.5 The board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at least
a majority of the managers are present or represented at a meeting of the
board of managers. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has
appointed different classes of managers, the board of managers may
deliberate or act validly only if at least one (1) Class A and one (1) Class B
manager is present or represented at the meeting.

15.6 Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the managers
present or represented at such meeting. In the event the general meeting of
shareholders has appointed different classes of managers, decisions shall
be taken by a majority of the managers present or represented including at
least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager.

15.7 The board of managers may unanimously pass resolutions by
circular means when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile,
electronic mail or any other similar means of communication. Each manager
may express his consent separately, the entirety of the consents evidencing
the adoption of the resolutions. The date of such resolutions shall be the date
of the last signature.

Article 16 Minutes of the meeting of the board of managers;
Minutes of the decisions of the sole manager

16.1 The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be
signed (i) by the chairman, if any or in his absence by the chairman pro
tempore, and the secretary (if any), or by any two (2) managers. Copies or
excerpts of such minutes, which may be produced in judicial proceedings or
otherwise, shall be signed by the chairman, if any, or by any two (2)
managers.

16.2 Decisions of the sole manager shall be recorded in minutes
which shall be signed by the sole manager. Copies or excerpts of such
minutes, which may be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall
be signed by the sole manager.

PAGE 7


Article 17 Dealing with third parties

The Company will be represented vis-a-vis third parties and bound by
the sole signature in the case of a sole manager, and in the case of a board
of managers by the individual signature of any member of the board of
managersjoint signature of any two managers, provided however that in the
event the general meeting of shareholders has appointed different classes
of managers (namely class A managers and class B managers), the
Company will only be validly bound by the joint signature of one class A
manager and one class B manager (including by way of representation). In
any event the Company will be validly bound by the joint signatures or the
sole signature of any person(s) to whom such signatory power may have
been delegated by the board of managers within the limits of such delegation.

Article 18 Indemnification of managers

The board members are not held personally liable forthe indebtedness
of the Company. As agents of the Company, they are responsible for the
performance of their duties. Every person who is, or has been, a board
member of the Company shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest
extent permitted by law against liability and against all expenses reasonably
incurred or paid by him in connection with any claim, action, suit or
proceeding which he becomes involved in as a party or otherwise by virtue
of his being or having been such board member and against amounts paid
or incurred by him in the settlement thereof. The words "claim", "action", "suit"
or "proceeding" shall apply to all claims, actions, suits or proceedings (civil,
criminal or otherwise including appeals) actual or threatened and the words
"Iiability" and "expenses" shall include without limitation attorneys’ fees,
costs, judgments, amounts paid in settlement and other liabilities.

E. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION OF
PROFITS — INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 19 Financial year

The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of April of
each year and shall end on the thirty-first of March of the following year.

Article 20 Annual accounts and allocation of profits

20.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the
board of managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets and
liabilities, the balance sheet and the profit and loss accounts in accordance
with the law.

20.2. Of the annual net profits of the Company, five percent (5%) at
least shall be allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to be
mandatory as soon and as long as the aggregate amount of such reserve
amounts to ten percent (10%) of the share capital of the Company.

20.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company by a shareholder
may also be allocated to the legal reserve if the contributing shareholder
agrees with such allocation.

20.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve
may be reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten percent (10%)
of the share capital.

20.5 Upon recommendation of the board of managers, the general
meeting of shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the
Company’s profits shall be used in accordance with the Law and these
articles of association.

20.6 Distributions shall be made to the shareholders in proportion to
the number of shares they hold in the Company.

PAGE 8


Article 21 Interim dividends - Share premium and assimilated
premiums

21.1 The board of managers may proceed with the payment of
interim dividends subject to the provisions of the Law.

21.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable
reserve may be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the
provisions of the Law and these articles of association.

F. LIQUIDATION

Article 22 Liquidation

22.1 In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with
article 3.2 of these articles of association, the liquidation shall be carried out
by one or several liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders deciding on such dissolution and which shall determine their
powers and their remuneration. Unless otherwise provided, the liquidators
shall have the most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and
payment of the liabilities of the Company.

22.2 The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the
payment of the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders in
proportion to the number of shares of the Company held by them.

G. FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW

Article 23 Governing law
All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined
in accordance with the Law.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. The ﬁrst financial year shall begin on the date of incorporation

of the Company and terminate on the 31 March 2019.
2. Interim dividends may be distributed during the Company’s ﬁrst

financial year.
SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The one hundred and twenty (120) shares have been subscribed by
“Digital Barriers S.A.R.L.” aforementioned, for the price of twelve thousand
euros (12’000.- EUR).

The shares thus subscribed have been fully paid up by a contribution
in cash so that the amount of twelve thousand euros (12’000.- EUR) is as
of now available to the Company, as has been justified to the undersigned
notary.

The total contribution in the amount twelve thousand euros (12’000.-
EUR) is entirely allocated to the share capital.

EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form
whatsoever incurred by the Company or which shall be borne by the
Company in connection with its incorporation are estimated at approximately

one thousand euro.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The incorporating shareholder, representing the entire share capital of
the Company and having waived any convening requirements, has passed
the following resolutions:

 

1. The address of the registered office of the Company is set at
15 rue Edward Steichen, L- 2540 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
2. The following persons are appointed as sole manager of the

Company for an unlimited term:
Mr John David SHARPE, company director, born in Welling
(Germany), on 29 June 1966, with professional address at 15, Rue Edward
Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg.

PAGE 9


In accordance with Article seventeen (17) of its Articles of
Incorporation, the Company is validly bound by the signature of its sole
manager.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Belvaux, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, in the premise of the undersigned notary, on the day
specified at the beginning of this document.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the appearing party, this deed is drafted in English
followed by a French translation; at the request of the same appearing parties
and in the event of inconsistencies between the English and the French text,
the English version shall prevail.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
party, known to the notary by name, first name and residence, said
proxyholder of the appearing party signed together with Us, notary the
present deed.

Suit la traduction française de ce gui précède.

L’an deux mille dix-huit,
le sept décembre.

Par-devant Nous, Maitre Jean-Joseph WAGNER, notaire de

résidence a SANEM, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,
a comparu :

« Digital Barriers Services Limited », une société constituée et
existant sous les lois de Angleterre et pays de Galles, établie et ayant son
siege social a Milton Gate, 60 Chiswell Street, London, EC1Y 4AG,
immatriculée au Registre des Sociétés de Angleterre et pays de Galles, sous
le numéro 06883884. (l’« Associé Unique »),

ici représentée par:

Monsieur Brendan D. KLAPP, employé privé, résidant
professionnellement a Belvaux, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

en vertu d’une procuration sous seing privé lui délivrée a Londres
(Royaume-Uni), le 03 décembre 2018,

laquelle procuration, après avoir été signée « ne varietur» par le
mandataire de la partie comparante et le notaire soussigné, restera annexée
au présent acte a des fins d’enregistrement.

Laquelle partie comparante a requis le notaire instrumentant de
dresser l’acte de constitution d’une société a responsabilité limitée qu’elle
souhaite constituer avec les statuts suivants :

A. DENOMINATION - OBJET SOCIAL - DURÉE - SIÈGE SOCIAL

Article 1 Dénomination - Forme

Il existe une société a responsabilité limitée sous la denomination
« Digital Barriers S.A R.L. » (ci-après la « Société ») qui sera régie par la
loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée
(la « Loi »), ainsi que par les présents statuts.

Article 2 Objet social

2.1. La Société peut développer et vendre des logiciels en tant que
licences aux entreprises de télécommunication et aux entreprises
commerciales.

2.2. La Société pourra acquérir, détenir, louer ou céder tout immeuble
pour son compte propre, tant au Luxembourg qu'a l'étranger.

2.3. L'objet de la Société est encore la prise de participations, tant au
Luxembourg qu'a l'étranger, dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises sous
quelque forme que ce soit, et la gestion de ces participations. La Société

PAGE 10


peut notamment acquérir par souscription, achat et échange ou de toute
autre manière tous titres, actions et autres valeurs de participation,
obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et autres instruments de dette, et
plus généralement, toutes valeurs mobilières et instruments financiers émis
par toute entité publique ou privée. Elle peut participer a la création, au
développement, a la gestion et au contrôle de toute société ou entreprise.
Elle peut en outre investir dans l'acquisition et la gestion d'un portefeuille de
brevets ou d'autres droits de propriété intellectuelle de quelque nature ou
origine que ce soit.

2.4. La Société pourra notamment employer ses fonds a la création, à
la gestion, a la mise en valeur et a la liquidation d'un portefeuille se
composant de tous titres ou brevets de toute origine, participer a la création,
au développement et au contrôle de toute entreprise, acquérir par voie
d'apport, de souscription, de prise ferme ou d'option d'achat et de toute autre
manière, tous titres et brevets, les réaliser par voie de vente, de cession,
d'échange ou autrement, développer ces affaires et brevets, accorder aux
sociétés auxquelles elle s'intéresse tous concours, prêts, avances ou
garanties.

2.5. La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit. Elle
peut procéder à l'émission de billets à ordre, d'obligations et de titres et
instruments de toute autre nature. La Société peut prêter des fonds, y
compris notamment, les revenus de tous emprunts, à ses filiales, sociétés
affiliées ainsi qu'a toutes autres sociétés. La Société peut également
consentir des garanties et nantir, céder, hypothéquer, grever de charges ou
autrement créer et accorder des sûretés sur toute ou partie de ses actifs afin
de garantir ses propres obligations et celles de toute autre société et, de
manière générale, en sa faveur et en faveur de toute autre société ou
personne. En tout état de cause, la Société ne peut effectuer aucune activité
réglementée du secteur financier sans avoir obtenu l'autorisation requise.

2.6. La Société peut employer toutes les techniques et instruments
nécessaires à une gestion efficace de ses investissements et a sa protection
contre les risques de crédit, les fluctuations monétaires, les fluctuations de
taux d'intérêt et autres risques.

2.7. La Société peut effectuer toutes les opérations commerciales,
financières ou industrielles et toutes les transactions concernant des biens
immobiliers ou mobiliers qui, directement ou indirectement, favorisent ou se
rapportent à son objet social.

Article 3 Durée

3.1 La Société est établie pour une durée illimitée.

3.2 Elle peut etre dissoute a tout moment par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée avec l’assentiment de la moitié
des associés possédant les trois quarts de l’avoir social au moins.

Article 4 Siège social

4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4.2. Le conseil de gérance peut transférer le siège social de la
Société au sein de la même commune ou dans toute autre commune du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et modifier ces statuts en conséquence. En
cas d’associé unique, le transfert du siège social dans toute autre commune
du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg requiert une décision de l’associé unique.

4.3 Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du conseil de
gérance.

4.4 Dans l’hypothèse où le conseil de gérance estimerait que des
événements exceptionnels d'ordre politique, économique ou social ou des

PAGE 11


catastrophes naturelles se sont produits ou seraient imminents, de nature a
interférer avec l'activité normale de la Société a son siège social, il pourra
transférer provisoirement le siège social a l'étranger jusqu'à la cessation
complète de ces circonstances exceptionnelles ; ces mesures provisoires
n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle,
nonobstant ce transfert provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

B. CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1 Le capital social de la Société est fixé à douze mille euros
(12'000.- EUR) représenté par cent vingt (120) parts sociales ayant une
valeur nominale de cent euros (100.- EUR) chacune.

5.2 Le capital social souscrit pourra atout moment être augmenté
ou réduit moyennant résolution de l'assemblée générale des associés
délibérant comme en matière de modifications des Statuts. Une telle
augmentation de capital pourra être réalisée en tout ou partie a une ou
plusieurs reprises avec ou sans émission de parts sociales contre paiement
en numéraire ou en nature ou contre incorporation de prime d’émission, de
compte 115, de réserves distribuables ou de bénéfices non distribués.

5.3 La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales aux
conditions prévues parla Loi.

5.4 Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler des parts sociales
rachetées par la Société et à décider d’une réduction de capital social
afférente.

Article 6 Parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

6.1 Le capital social de la Société est divisé en parts sociales,
ayant chacune la même valeur nominale.

6.2 Les parts sociales de la Société sont nominatives.

6.3 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés sans excéder
la limite de cent (100) associés.

6.4 Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la
liquidation, la faillite ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire d’un
des associés n’entraînera pas la dissolution de la Société.

6.5 Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social de la
Société où il est mis a disposition de chaque associé pour consultation. Ce
registre contient toutes les informations requises par la Loi. Des certificats
attestant des inscriptions faites dans le registre concernant un associé
peuvent être émis sur demande et aux frais de cet associé.

6.6 La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale.
Les copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les
représentera vis-à-vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre
l'exercice de tous les droits relatifs à cette part sociale, à l’exception du droit
à l’information, jusqu'à ce qu'un tel représentant ait été désigné.

6.7 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.8 Inter vivos, les parts sociales seront uniquement cessibles a
des tiers sous réserve qu’une telle cession ait été approuvée préalablement
par des associés représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales.

6.9 Lorsqu’un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts
sociales a un tiers, l’associé cédant doit envoyer une notification à la Société
contenant les éléments de la cession envisagée, y compris l’identité du
cessionnaire, les conditions applicables à la cession (le cas échéant) et le
prix de cession.

6.10 Si la cession envisagée n’est pas approuvée par les associés
de la Société conformément à l’article 6.8, les associés peuvent, dans un
délai de trois (3) mois a compter de la date du refus, acquérir les parts
sociales en respectant le principe de l’égalité de traitement (sauf s’ils en ont

PAGE 12


convenu autrement) ou faire acquérir les parts sociales a un prix déterminé
conformément à l’article 6.12, sauf si l’associé cédant décide de renoncer au
transfert. Sur requête du conseil de gérance, la période de trois (3) mois peut
être prolongée par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de
référé, sans que cette prolongation ne puisse excéder six (6) mois.

6.11 Dans la mesure où les associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir
les parts sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le
consentement de l’associé cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social
du montant correspondant a la valeur nominale des parts de l’associé cédant
et (ii) racheter et annuler ces parts a un prix déterminé conformément à
l’article 6.12.

6.12 Aux fins des articles 6.10 et 6.11, le prix de transfert ou le prix
de rachat correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales
déterminée de bonne foi par le conseil de gérance.

6.13 Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, ni les associés existants, ni la
Société n’ont acquis ou racheté les parts sociales, l’associé cédant peut
librement céder ses parts sociales au(x) nouvel (nouveaux) associé(s)
proposé(s) au prix de cession et aux conditions notifiées a la Société.

6.14 Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable à la Société et
aux tiers sur notification de la cession à la Société, ou après l’acceptation de
la cession par la Société conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du
Code civil.

C. DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 7 Décisions collectives des associés

7.1 L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs
qui lui sont expressément réservés parla Loi et par les présents statuts.

7.2 Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions
collectives quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.

7.3 Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société n’a pas plus de
soixante (60) associés, des décisions collectives qui relèveraient d’ordinaire
de la compétence de l’assemblée générale, pourront être valablement
adoptées par voie de décisions écrites, à l’exception des propositions de
modification des statuts. Dans ce cas, chaque associé recevra le texte
intégral de ces résolutions a adopter et votera par écrit.

7.4 En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs
dévolus à l’assemblée générale des associés en vertu des dispositions de la
section XII de la Loi et des présents statuts. Dans cette hypothèse, toute
référence faite a « l’assemblée générale des associés » devra être entendue
comme une référence a « l’associé unique » selon le contexte, et le cas
échéant, et les pouvoirs conférés à l’assemblée générale des associés
seront exercés par l’associé unique.

Article 8 Assemblées générales des associés

8.1 Dans l’hypothèse où la Société comporte plus de soixante (60)
associés, une assemblée générale des associés devra être tenue au
minimum dans les six (6) mois suivant la fin de chaque exercice social au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg au siège social de la Société ou a tout autre
endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg tel que précisé dans la convocation
à cette assemblée générale. D’autres assemblées générales d’associés
pourront être tenues aux lieux et heures indiquées dans les convocations
aux assemblées générales correspondantes.

8.2 Lorsque tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à
l’assemblée générale des associés et ont renoncé aux formalités de
convocation, l’assemblée pourra être tenue sans convocation ou publication
préalable.

PAGE 13


8.3 Les associés participant a une assemblée par conférence
téléphonique, par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant de les identifier, permettant à toute personne
participant a cette assemblée de s’entendre mutuellement de manière
continue, et permettant une participation effective de ces personnes à
l’assemblée, sont réputés être présents pour le calcul du quorum et des voix,
a la condition que ces moyens de communication soient mis a disposition au
lieu de tenue de l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son
mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social de la Société.

8.4 Chaque associé peut voter à une assemblée générale par
correspondance au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé par lettre, courrier
électronique, par télécopie ou par tout autre moyen de communication au
siège social de la Société ou a l’adresse mentionnée dans l’avis de
convocation. Les associés peuvent uniquement utiliser les formulaires de
vote par correspondance distribués par la Société et qui contiennent au
moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée,
les propositions soumises aux associés, ainsi que pour chaque proposition
trois cases autorisant l’associé à voter en faveur, contre ou a s’abstenir de
voter en cochant la case appropriée.

8.5 Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne
font pas apparaître (i) un vote en faveur (ii) un vote contre la résolution
proposée ou (iii) une abstention sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette
résolution. La Société doit seulement prendre en compte les formulaires de
vote reçus avant l’assemblée générale a laquelle ils se rapportent.

8.6 Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions
supplémentaires à remplir par les associés afin de pouvoir participer aux
assemblées générales des associés.

8.7 Une liste de présence doit être dressée a toutes les
assemblées générales des associés.

Article 9 Quorum, majorité et vote

9.1 Chaque part sociale donne droit a une voix aux assemblées
générales des associés.

9.2 Le conseil de gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout
associé qui ne remplit pas ses obligations telles que décrites par les statuts
ou toute convention a laquelle cet associé est partie.

9.3 Un associé peut décider, à titre personnel, de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de façon permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote.
Une telle renonciation lie l’associé renonçant et s’impose à la Société dès
notification à cette dernière.

9.4 Si les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont
suspendus conformément à l’article 9.2 ou si un ou plusieurs associés ont
renoncé à leurs droits de vote conformément à l’article 9.3, ces associés
conservent le droit de recevoir à titre informatif les résolutions écrites des
associés et peuvent participer a toute assemblée de la Société, toutefois les
parts sociales qu’ils détiennent ne seront pas comptabilisées pour la
détermination des conditions de quorum et de majorité a respecter durant
les assemblées générales de la Société ou pour déterminer si les résolutions
écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

9.5 Sous réserve de dispositions plus strictes des présents statuts
ou de la Loi, les décisions collectives des associés de la Société ne seront
valablement adoptées que pour autant qu’elles auront été adoptées par des
associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social.

PAGE 14


Article 10 Modification des statuts

Toute modification des statuts requiert l’accord des associés
représentant au moins les trois quarts (3/4) du capital social.

Article 11 Changement de nationalité

Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une
résolution de l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée dans les
conditions requises pour une modification des présents statuts.

D. GERANCE

Article 12 Pouvoirs du gérant unique - Composition et
pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

12.1 La Société peut être gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si la
Société a plusieurs gérants, les gérants forment un conseil de gérance.

12.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, le cas
échéant et lorsque le terme « gérant unique » n’est pas expressément
mentionné dans ces statuts, une référence au « conseil de gérance » dans
ces statuts devra être entendue comme une référence au « gérant unique ».

12.3 Le conseil de gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus
pour agir au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire ou
utile pour l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à l’exception des
pouvoirs réservés par la Loi ou par les présents statuts à l’assemblée
générale des associés.

Article 13 Nomination, révocation des gérants et durée du
mandat des gérants

13.1 Les gérants sont nommés par l’assemblée générale des
associés qui détermine leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat.
L’assemblée générale des associés peut décider de nommer des gérants de
catégories différentes, à savoir des gérants de catégorie A (les « Gérants
de Catégorie A ») et des gérants de catégorie B (les « Gérants de
Catégorie B »). Toute référence faite ci-après aux « gérants » doit
s’interprétèr comme une référence aux Gérants de Catégorie A et/ou
Gérants de Catégorie B en fonction du contexte et le cas échéant.

13.2 Les gérants sont nommés et peuvent être librement révoqués
a tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une décision des associés
représentant plus de la moitié du capital social de la Société.

Article 14 Convocation aux réunions du conseil de gérance

14.1 Le conseil de gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout gérant.
Les réunions du conseil de gérance sont tenues au siège social de la Société
sauf indication contraire dans la convocation à la réunion.

14.2 Une convocation écrite à toute réunion du conseil de gérance
doit être donné aux gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures a l’avance
par rapport a l’heure fixée dans la convocation, sauf en cas d’urgence,
auquel cas la nature et les motifs d’une telle urgence seront mentionnés dans
la convocation. Une telle convocation peut être omise en cas d’accord écrit
de chaque gérant, par télécopie, courrier électronique ou par tout autre
moyen de communication. Une copie d’un tel document signé constituera
une preuve suffisante d’un tel accord. Aucune convocation préalable ne sera
exigée pour un conseil de gérance dont le lieu et l’heure auront été
déterminés par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent conseil de
gérance, communiquée à tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

14.3 Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans
l’hypothèse où tous les gérants seront présents ou représentés à un conseil
de gérance et renonceraient aux formalités de convocation ou dans
l’hypothèse de décisions écrites et approuvées par tous les membres du
conseil de gérance.

PAGE 15


Article 15 Conduite des réunions du conseil de gérance

15.1 Le conseil de gérance peut élire un président du conseil de
gérance parmi ses membres, ce dernier ne dispose pas de voix
prépondérante. Il peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui peut ne pas
être membre du conseil de gérance et qui sera chargé de tenir les procès-
verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance.

15.2 Le président du conseil de gérance, s’il y en a un, préside
toutes les réunions du conseil de gérance. En son absence, le conseil de
gérance peut nommer provisoirement un autre gérant en qualité de président
temporaire par un vote a la majorité des gérants présents ou représentés à
la réunion.

15.3 Tout gérant peut se faire représenter à chaque réunion du
conseil de gérance en désignant tout autre gérant comme son mandataire
par écrit, ou par télécopie, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de
communication, une copie du mandat en constituant une preuve suffisante.
Un gérant peut représenter un ou plusieurs gérants, mais non la totalité des
membres du conseil de gérance.

15.4 A titre exceptionnel, les réunions du conseil de gérance
peuvent également se tenir par conférence téléphonique ou par tout autre
moyen de communication permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de
s'entendre mutuellement et de communiquer mutuellement. Une réunion
peut également être tenue par conférence téléphonique à condition qu’aucun
gérant ne participe aux assemblées (conférences téléphoniques) par
téléphone depuis le Angleterre. La participation a ou la tenue d’une réunion
par ces moyens équivaut à une participation en personne a une telle réunion
ou a la tenue d’une telle réunion en personne.

15.5 Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou statuer valablement
que si au moins la majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée à
une réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où l’assemblée
générale des associés a nommé des gérants de catégories différentes, le
conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou agir valablement que si au moins un
(1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B est présent ou
représenté à la réunion du conseil de gérance.

15.6 Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des gérants
présents ou représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans
l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des gérants de
catégories différentes, les décisions doivent être adoptées par une majorité
de gérants présents ou représentés comprenant au moins un (1) gérant de
catégorie A et un (1) gérant de catégorie B.

15.7 Le conseil de gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des
décisions par résolution circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit,
par télécopie, par courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de
communication. Chaque gérant peut exprimer son consentement
séparément, l’ensemble des consentements attestant de l'adoption des
décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la dernière signature.

Article 16 Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de
gérance ; procès-verbaux des décisions du gérant unique

16.1 Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du conseil de
gérance seront signés par (i) le président, s’il y en a un, ou en son absence,
par le président temporaire, et le secrétaire (s’il y en a un) ou par deux (2)
gérants. Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être
produits en justice ou autre seront, le cas échéant, signés par le président le
cas échéant, ou par deux (2) gérants.

16.2 Les décisions du gérant unique sont retranscrites dans des
procès-verbaux qui seront signés par le gérant unique. Les copies ou extraits

PAGE 16


de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans tout
autre contexte seront signés par le gérant unique.

Article 17 Rapports avec les tiers

La Société sera valablement engagée à l’égard des tiers par la seule
signature du gérant unique, ou, si la Société a plusieurs gérants, par la
signature individuelle de n’importe quel membre du conseil de gérance.
Cependant, si l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé différentes
catégories de gérants (a savoir des Gérants de Catégorie A et des Gérants
de Catégorie B), la Société sera valablement engagée par la signature
conjointe d’un gérant de Catégorie A et d’un Gérant de Catégorie B (y
compris par représentation). Dans tous les cas, la Société sera valablement
engagée parla signature conjointe ou la seule signature de toutes personnes
auxquelles un tel pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par le conseil de
gérance, dans les limites de cette délégation.

Article 18 Indemnisation des gérants

Les membres du conseil ne sont pas personnellement tenus des dettes
de la Société. En tant que mandataire de la Société, ils sont tenus
d’accomplir de leurs fonctions. Toute personne étant, ou ayant été, membre
du conseil de gérance de la Société sera indemnisée parla Société, dans la
plus ample mesure permise par la loi, en cas de mise en cause de sa
responsabilité ou en cas de dépense raisonnablement engagée ou payée
par ce dernier et liée à toute réclamation, poursuite, action ou procédure
dans laquelle il est impliqué en tant que partie ou autre, en raison du fait
d’être ou d’avoir été membre du conseil et en cas de paiements engagés
pour leur règlement. Les mots « réclamations », « actions », « poursuites »
ou « procédure » s’appliqueront a toute réclamation, action, poursuite ou
procédure (civile, criminelle ou autre y compris les appels) réelle ou
envisagée et les mots « responsabilité » et « dépenses » incluront sans
limitation les honoraires d’avocats, les frais, les jugements et les montants
réglés dans le cadre des règlements ou d’autres mises en cause de
responsabilité.

E. EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS —
AFFECTATION DES BENEFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DIVIDENDES

Article 19 Exercice social

L’exercice comptable de la société débute le 1er avril de chaque année
se termine le 31 mars de l’année suivante.

Article 20 Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices

20.1 Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés
et le conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la
Société, le bilan et le compte de profits et pertes, conformément à la loi.

20.2 Sur les bénéfices annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent
(5%) au moins seront affectés à la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera
d'être obligatoire dès que et tant que le montant total de la réserve légale de
la Société atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

20.3 Les sommes apportées à une réserve de la Société peuvent
également être affectées à la réserve légale.

20.4 En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la
Société pourra être réduite en proportion afin qu'elle n'excède pas dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social.

20.5 Sur proposition du conseil de gérance, l'assemblée générale
des associés décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices distribuables de
la Société conformément à la Loi et aux présents statuts.

20.6 Les distributions aux associés sont effectuées en proportion du
nombre de parts sociales qu’ils détiennent dans la Société.

 

PAGE 17


Article 21 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission et
primes assimilées

21.1 Le conseil de gérance peut procéder au paiement d’acomptes
sur dividendes conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

21.2 Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée ou réserve
distribuable peut être librement distribuée aux associés conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi et aux présents statuts.

F. LIQUIDATION

Article 22 Liquidation

22.1 En cas de dissolution de la Société, conformément à l’article
3.2 des présents statuts, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs
liquidateurs nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé
de cette dissolution et qui fixera les pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des
liquidateurs. Sauf dispositions contraires, les liquidateurs disposeront des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation de l’actif et du passif de la
Société.

22.2 Le surplus résultant de la réalisation de l’actif et du passif sera
distribué entre les associés au prorata de leur participation.

G. DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 23 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts, sera déterminé en
conformité avec la Loi.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

1. Le premier exercice social commence le jour dela constitution
dela Société et se terminera le 31 mars 2019.
2. Des acomptes sur dividendes pourront être distribués pendant

le premier exercice social de la Société.
SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Les cent vingt (120) sociales émises ont été souscrites par « Digital
Barriers Services Limited » susmentionnée, pour le prix de douze mille
euros (12'000.- EUR).

Les parts sociales ainsi souscrites ont été intégralement libérées par
voie d’apport en numéraire, de sorte que le montant de douze mille euros
(12'000.- EUR) est dès à présent à la disposition de la Société, ce dont il a
été justifié au notaire soussigné.

L’apport global d’un montant de douze mille euros (12'000.- EUR) est
entièrement affecté au capital social.

FRAIS

Le montant des dépenses, frais, rémunérations ou charges, sous
quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa
charge en raison de sa constitution est évalué à environ mille euros.

RESOLUTIONS DE l’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’associé fondateur, représentant l'intégralité du capital social de la
Société et ayant renoncé aux formalités de convocation, a adopté les
résolutions suivantes.

 

1. L' adresse du siège social de la Société est établie au 15, Rue
Edward Steichen, L- 2540 Luxembourg, Grand- Duché de Luxembourg.
2. La personne suivante est nommée gérant unique pour une

durée indéterminée:

Monsieur John David SHARPE, directeur de société, né à Welling
(Allemagne), le 29 juin 1966, avec adresse professionnelle au 15, Rue
Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg.

En conformité avec l’article dix-sept (17) de des statuts, la Société se
trouve valablement engagée parla seule signature de son gérant unique.

PAGE 18


Dont acte, passe a Belvaux, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en l’étude
du notaire soussigné, a la date figurant en tête des présentes.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate sur
demande de la partie comparante que le present acte est rédigé en langue
anglaise suivi d'une traduction en français; a la demande de la même partie
comparante et en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte
français, le texte anglais fait foi.

L'acte ayant été lu au mandataire de la partie comparante connu du
notaire instrumentant par nom, prénom, et résidence, ledit mandataire a
signé avec Nous, notaire le present acte.

Signe : B.D. KLAPP, J.J. WAGNER.

Enregistré à Esch-sur—Alzette A.C., le 10 decembre 2018. Relation :
EAC/2018/31396. Reçu soixante-quinze Euros (75.- EUR). Le Receveur,
signé : T. SCHMITT.

PAGE 19


