Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230559

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.809
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Empire Credit Investments ll S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée
Siège social : 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE
DU 21 DECEMBRE 2018
NUMERO 3389.

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twenty-first day of December,

Before Maître Elisabeth Reinard, notary residing in Ettelbruck, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg,

THERE APPEARED:

Empire Credit Holding l S.à r.l., a private limited company (société à responsabilité
limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its
registered office at 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies’ Register
(Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 223.529,

here represented by Helena Ramos, employee of notary Elisabeth Reinard,
professionally residing in Ettelbruck, by virtue of a proxy, given under private seal.

The said proxy, initialled ne varietur by the proxyholder of the appearing party and
the notary, shall remain annexed to this deed to be filed at the same time with the
registration authorities.

Such appearing party has requested the officiating notary to enact the deed of
incorporation of a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée)
which he wishes to incorporate with the following articles of association:

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name

There exists a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée)
under the name of “Empire Credit Investments ll S.à r.l.” (hereinafter the
“Company”) which shall be governed by the law of 10 August 1915 concerning
commercial companies, as amended (the “Law”), as well as by the present articles


of association.

Article 2 Purpose

2.1 The purpose of the Company is the acquisition of participations, in Luxembourg
or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in any form whatsoever, and the
management of those participations. The Company may in particular invest in a
portfolio of securities and loans or other financial instruments, into bonds,
debentures, funds, notes, equity and other debt instruments or securities, trade
receivables or other forms of claims, obligations (including but not limited to synthetic
securities / obligations), acquire rights or participations in loans and in financial
derivatives agreements or instruments, enter into any agreements relating to such
portfolio and administrate, develop and manage such portfolio.

2.2 The Company may further guarantee, pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise
create and grant security, grant loans or otherwise assist companies which form part
of the same group of companies as the Company or other companies to guarantee
its own obligations and those of any other company, and, generally, for its own
benefit and that of any other company or person.

2.3 The Company may use any techniques, legal means and instruments to manage
its investments efficiently and protect itself against credit risks, currency exchange
exposure, interest rate risks and other risks.

2.4 The Company may, except by way of public offering, raise funds especially
through borrowing in any form or by issuing any kind of notes, subscription rights,
securities or debt instruments, bonds and debentures and generally issue securities
of any type.

2.5 The Company may carry out any commercial, industrial, financial, real estate or
intellectual property activities which it may deem useful in accomplishment of these
purposes.

Article 3 Duration
3.1 The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period of time.

3.2 It may be dissolved at any time and without cause by a resolution of the general
meeting of shareholders, adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these
articles of association.

Article 4 Registered office

4.1 The registered office of the Company is established in the city of Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.


4.2 Within the same municipality or in any other location in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, the registered office may be transferred by decision of the board of
managers (the “Board of Managers” each member individually, a “Manager”),
which may amend these articles of association accordingly.

4.3 Branches or other offices may be established either in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or abroad by resolution of the Board of Managers.

4.4 In the event that the Board of Managers determines that extraordinary political,
economic or social developments have occurred or are imminent that would interfere
with the normal activities of the Company at its registered office, the registered office
may be temporarily transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these
abnormal circumstances; such temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its
registered ofﬁce, shall remain a Luxembourg company.

B. SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES

Article 5 Share Capital

5.1 The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000),
represented by one million one hundred eighty thousand (1,180,000) Class A
redeemable shares with a nominal value of zero point zero one euro (EUR 0.01)
each, ten thousand (10,000) Class B redeemable shares with a nominal value of
zero point zero one euro (EUR 0.01) each and ten thousand (10,000) Class C
redeemable shares with a nominal value of zero point zero one euro (EUR 0.01)
each.

5.2 The Class A redeemable shares, the Class B redeemable shares and the Class
C redeemable shares shall collectively and irrespectively of their class be designated
as the shares and individually and irrespectively of their class be designated as a
share. The holders of the shares are together referred to as the shareholders.

5.3 All shares will have equal rights, except as othenNise provided for in these
articles.

5.4 The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution of
the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for an
amendment of these articles of association.

5.5 The Company may redeem its own shares in accordance with the provisions of
the Law and may hold such redeemed shares in treasury, or alternatively cancel
such shares held in treasury. The Board of Managers is authorised to cancel any
such shares held in treasury and to proceed with the applicable capital reduction in
its discretion. In such a case, the Board of Managers shall record the share capital

3


decrease by way of a notarial deed. The deed must be drawn up within one month
of the cancellation and capital decrease so decided by the Board of Managers. The
voting and financial rights attached to any shares held in treasury are suspended for
so long as the Company holds them in treasury.

5.6 The Board of Managers is authorised, for a period of five (5) years from the date
of the deed of incorporation within the limits of the Law, to (i) increase the current
share capital in one or several times up to six million euro (EUR 6,000,000), by the
issue of up to two hundred million (200,000,000) new Class A shares, of up to two
hundred million (200,000,000) new Class B shares, and of up to two hundred million
(200,000,000) new Class C shares having the same rights as the existing shares, at
the accounting par value of such existing shares; and (ii) record each share capital
increase by way of a notarial deed and amend the register of shares accordingly.

5.7 The Company may maintain a general share premium account. Any share
premium paid in respect of any shares upon their issuance (and not allocated
specifically to a specific class of shares), if any, shall be allocated to such general
share premium account of the Company. The amount of the said general share
premium account will constitute freely distributable reserves of the Company. To the
extent the share capital is divided into several classes of shares, the Company may
maintain separate share premium accounts per class. Any share premium paid and
specifically allocated to any individual class will be allocated to such class share
premium account and only distributable on such class of shares.

5.8 The Company may maintain a general special equity reserve account (account
115 « apport en capitaux propres non rémunérés par des titres » of the Luxembourg
Chart of Accounts provided for by the Grand Ducal regulation of 10 June 2009). The
amount of said general special equity reserve account will constitute freely
distributable reserves of the Company. To the extent the share capital is divided into
several classes of shares, the Company may maintain separate special equity
reserve accounts per class. Any amount paid and specifically allocated to any
individual class will be allocated to such class special equity reserve account and
only distributable on such class of shares. To the extent not specifically allocated to
any individual class, any amounts othenNise allocated to the special equity reserve
account shall be deemed as allocated to the general special equity reserve account.

5.9 The general meeting of shareholders or the Board of Managers acting within the
framework of article 5.6 above, may decide to issue convertible bonds, subscription
rights, warrants to which subscription rights are attached or any other financial
instrument giving right to shares.

Article 6 Shares
6.1 The Company’s share capital is divided into shares, each of them having the
same nominal value.


6.2 The shares of the Company, including the shares resulting from the exercise of
any subscription rights, are in registered form.

6.3 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a maximum number
of shareholders not exceeding one hundred (100). In the event that the number of
shareholders of the Company exceeds one hundred (100), the Company shall have
one (1) year from the date on which such limit is exceeded to convert into another
legal form.

6.4 The death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any
other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall not cause the dissolution
of the Company.

Article 7 Register of shares - Transfer of shares

7.1 The register of shares and the register of subscription rights, if any, shall be kept
at the registered office, where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder.
This register shall contain all the information required by the Law. Certificates of

such registration may be issued upon request and at the expense of the relevant
shareholder.

7.2 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a share is owned
by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who shall represent
them towards the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of
all rights attached to a joint owned share, except for relevant information rights, until
a sole person has been appointed as the owner of the share towards the Company.

7.3 The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

7.4 Inter vivos, they may only be transferred to new shareholders subject to the prior
approval by shareholders representing three-quarters of the shares of the Company.
When the Company has a sole shareholder, the shares are freely transferable to
third parties.

7.5 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party, such
transferring shareholder must send a notice of the proposed transfer to the Company
and such transfer will be subject to the provisions of articles 7.6 to 7.12 of these
articles.

7.6 If the proposed transfer is not approved by shareholders representing three-
quarters of the shares of the Company or if the Company has refused to approve
the transfer in accordance with the Law, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of refusal, acquire the share(s) or procure the acquisition of


the share(s), at a price determined in accordance with article 7.8 of these articles,
save in the circumstance where the transferring shareholder decides to forego the
transfer. Upon request of the Manager(s), the three (3) month period can be
extended by the president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing
with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings, it being understood
that such extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

7.7 The Company may, within the same timeframe as set forth in article 7.6 above
and with the consent of the transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share
capital by an amount corresponding to the nominal value of the relevant share(s)
and (ii) repurchase such shares at a price determined in accordance with articles
7.8 of these articles.

7.8 For the purposes of articles 7.6 and 7.7 above, the transfer price or redemption
price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as determined in good
faith by the Board of Managers.

7.9 If following the expiry of the period referred to in articles 7.6 and 7.7 above,
neither the existing shareholders have acquired the shares nor the Company has
repurchased the share(s), the transferring shareholder may freely sell its shares to
the proposed new shareholder(s) at the transfer price and under the conditions
which were notified to the Company.

7.10 Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the Company and third
parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon the acceptance of the
transfer by the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the Civil Code.

7.11 For all other matters, reference is made to article 100-15, 710-12 and 710-13
of the Law.

C. MANAGEMENT

Article 8 Powers of the sole manager; composition and powers of the
Board of Managers

8.1 The Company is managed by one manager (the “Sole Manager”) or several
managers appointed by the general meeting of shareholders. If several managers
are appointed, they will constitute a Board of Managers. The Sole Manager or the
Managers need not to be shareholder of the Company. The Sole Manager or the
Managers may be revoked ad nutum by decision of the general meeting of
shareholders.

8.2 ln dealing with third parties, the Sole Manager or, in case of plurality of Managers,
the Board of Managers will have all powers to act in the name of the Company in all
circumstances and to perform all acts necessary or useful for accomplishment of the

6


corporate objects of the Company.

8.3 The Board of Managers is vested with the broadest powers to act in the name of
the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful to fulfil the Company’s
corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers reserved by the Law or by these
articles of association to the general meeting of shareholders.

8.4 The Board of Managers may delegate special or limited powers to one or more
agents for specific matters.

8.5 The Board of Managers is authorised to delegate the day-to-day management,
and the power to represent the Company in this respect, to one or more managers,
directors or other agents, whether shareholders or not, acting either individually or
jointly, in accordance with the Law.

Article 9 Election, removal and term of office of Managers

9.1 The Manager(s) shall be elected by the general meeting of shareholders which
shall determine their remuneration and term of office.

9.2 The Manager(s) shall be elected and may be removed from office at any time,
with or without cause, by a vote of the shareholders representing more than half of
the Company’s share capital.

Article 10 Vacancy in the office of a Manager

10.1 In the event of a vacancy in the office of a Manager because of death, legal
incapacity, bankruptcy, retirement or othenNise, this vacancy may be filled on a
temporary basis and for a period of time not exceeding the initial mandate of the
replaced Manager by the remaining Managers until the next meeting of shareholders
which shall resolve on the permanent appointment, in compliance with the applicable
legal provisions.

10.2 In case the vacancy occurs in the office of the Company’s Sole Manager, such
vacancy must be filled without undue delay by the general meeting of shareholders.

Article 11 Convening meetings of the Board of Managers

11.1 The Board of Managers shall meet upon call by any Manager, at the place
indicated in the notice of meeting. The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be
held at the registered office of the Company, unless othenNise indicated in the notice
of meeting.

11.2 Written notice of any meeting of the Board of Managers must be given to
Managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the date scheduled for the
meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature and the reasons of


such emergency must be mentioned in the notice. This notice may be omitted in
case of assent of each Manager in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or any other
similar means of communication, a copy of such signed document being sufficient
proof thereof. No prior notice shall be required for a board meeting to be held at a
time and location determined in a prior resolution adopted by the Board of Managers.

11.3 No prior notice shall be required in case all the members of the Board of
Managers are present or represented at such meeting and have waived any
convening requirement, or in the case of resolutions in writing approved and signed
by all members of the Board of Managers.

Article 12 Conduct of meetings of the Board of Managers

12.1 The Board of Managers may elect among its members a chairman. It may also
choose a secretary, who does not need to be a Manager and who shall be
responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Managers.

12.2 The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of shareholders and of the Board
of Managers, but in his absence, the Board of Managers may appoint another
Manager as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority present at any such
meeting.

12.3 Any Manager may act at any meeting of the Board of Managers by appointing
another Manager as his proxy in writing, or by facsimile, electronic mail or any other
similar means of communication, a copy of the appointment being sufficient proof
thereof. A Manager may represent one or more, but not all of his colleagues.

12.4 Meetings of the Board of Managers may also be held by conference-call or
video conference or by any other telecommunication means, allowing all persons
participating at such meeting to hear one another on a continuous basis and allowing
an effective participation in the meeting. The participation in a meeting by these
means is equivalent to a participation in person at such meeting and the meeting is
deemed to be held at the registered office of the Company.

12.5 The Board of Managers can validly deliberate and act only if a majority of its
members is present or represented.

12.6 Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the Managers present or
represented at such meeting.

12.7 Save as othenNise provided by the Law, any Manager who has, directly or
indirectly, any financial interest in a transaction falling under the competence of the
Board of Managers which conflicts with the Company’s interest, must inform the
Board of Managers of such conflict of interest and must have his declaration
recorded in the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant Manager may not take

8


part in the discussions on and may not vote on the relevant transaction. Any such
conflict of interest must be reported to the next general meeting of shareholders prior
to taking any resolution on any other item.

12.8 Notwithstanding the above, no day-to-day transactions entered into under
normal conditions, as well as no contract or other transaction between the Company
and any other company shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or
more of the Managers or officers of the Company is interested in, or is a manager,
director, associate, officer or employee of such other company. Any Manager or
officer of the Company who serves as a director, officer or employee of any company
or firm with which the Company shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall
not, by reason of such affiliation with such other company or firm, be prevented from
considering and voting or acting upon any matters with respect to such contract or
other business.

12.9 When, because of a conflict of interest, the number of Managers required to
deliberate and vote on the matter concerned is not reached, the Board of Managers
may decide to defer the decision to the general meeting of shareholders.

12.10 The Board of Managers may, unanimously, pass resolutions by circular means
when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or any other
similar means of communication. The Manager may express his consent separately,
the entirety of the consents evidencing the adoption of the resolutions. The date of
such resolutions shall be the date of the last signature.

Article 13 Minutes of the meeting of the Board of Managers; Minutes of the
decisions of the Sole Manager

13.1 The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Managers shall be signed by the
chairman, if any, or, in his absence, by the chairman pro tempore, or by any two (2)
Managers present. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may be produced in
judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the chairman, if any, or by any
two (2) Managers.

13.2 The decisions of the Sole Manager shall be recorded in minutes which shall be
signed by the Sole Manager. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may be
produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the Sole Manager.

Article 14 Dealing with third parties

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all circumstances (i) by the
signature of the Sole Manager, or, (ii) if the Company has several Managers, by the
joint signature of any two (2) Managers or (iii) by the joint signatures or the sole
signature of any person(s) to whom such signatory power may have been delegated
by the Board of Managers.


D. DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 15 Collective decisions of the shareholders

Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions irrespective of the number
of shares which he owns. Each shareholder is entitled to as many votes as he holds
or represents shares.

Article 16 Powers and conduct of the general meeting of shareholders;
written shareholders’ resolutions

16.1 Meetings of shareholders may be held at such place and time as may be
specified in the respective convening notices of meeting. An attendance list must be
kept at all general meetings of shareholders.

16.2 A shareholder may participate in any general meeting by telephone or video
conference, or by any other means of communication which allows all those taking
part in the meeting to identify, hear and speak to each other. Participation by such
means is deemed equivalent to participation in person at a duly convened and held
meeting. In such case, at least one (1) shareholder or his proxy shall be physically
present at the registered office of the Company and the meeting shall be deemed
held at the registered office of the Company.

16.3 The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers expressly
reserved to it by law and by these articles of association. Save a higher majority as
provided herein, collective decisions of the Company’s shareholders are only validly
taken in so far as they are adopted by shareholders owning more than half of the
share capital.

16.4 In case and as long as the Company has no more than sixty (60) shareholders,
collective decisions otherwise conferred on the general meeting of shareholders
may be validly taken by means of written resolutions, except in the case of an
amendment of the articles of association in accordance with article 18. In such case,
each shareholder shall receive the text of the resolutions or decisions to be taken
expressly worded and shall cast his vote in writing. Such written resolutions are only
validly taken in accordance with the Law in so far as such written resolutions are
approved by shareholders owning more than half of the share capital.

16.5 The Board of Managers may suspend the voting rights of any shareholder in
breach of its obligations as described by these articles of association or any relevant
agreement which may be entered into among the Company and the shareholders
from time to time (if any).

16.6 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are suspended in
accordance with article 16.5 or the exercise of the voting rights has been waived by
one or several shareholders, such shareholders may attend any general meeting

10


but the shares they hold shall not be taken into account for the determination of the
conditions of quorum to be complied with at the general meetings in accordance with
article 16.3 or to determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

16.7 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or
permanently, all or part of his voting rights by means of formal waiver of its rights.
The waiving shareholder is bound by such waiver and the waiver must be recognized
by the Company upon notification.

16.8 The holders of subscription rights have the right to attend the general meeting
of shareholders, but only in a consultative capacity.

16.9 The shareholders may vote at any general meeting by means of voting forms
provided by the Company which voting forms must contain at least the place, date
and time of the meeting, the agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to the
shareholders, as well as for each proposal three boxes allowing the shareholder to
vote in favour thereof, against, or abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate box.
Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote in favour, or (ii)
a vote against the proposed resolutions, or (iii) an abstention, are void with respect
to such resolution. The Company shall only take into account voting forms received
at the latest 24 hours before the holding of the general meeting to which they relate.

16.10 The Company shall recognize any voting arrangements agreed in any
agreement which may be entered into among the Company and the shareholders
from time to time (if any), to the extent that such voting arrangements are not in
conflict with the provisions of article 710-20 of the Law.

Article 17 Change of nationality
The shareholders may not change the nationality of the Company othenNise than by
the consent of shareholders owning at least three-quarters of the share capital.

Article 18 Amendments of the articles of association
18.1 Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of the
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

18.2 Any increase in a shareholder’s commitment to the Company shall require the
unanimous consent of the shareholders.

18.3 If the resolution to be taken by the general meeting is such as to change classes
of shares’ respective rights, the resolution must, in order to be valid, be approved by
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least for each class
of shares.

11


Article 19 Powers of the sole shareholder

In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder exercises the powers granted to
the general meeting of shareholders under the provisions of Title VII of the Law. In
particular, the sole shareholder shall exercise the powers conferred on shareholders
and/or the managers pursuant to articles 710-18 to 710-21 and article 710-26 of the
Law. In the case of a sole shareholder, any reference made herein to the “general
meeting of shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the sole shareholder,
depending on the context and as applicable, and powers conferred upon the general
meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the sole shareholder.

E. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION OF PROFITS —
INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 20 Financial year

The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of January of each year
and shall end on the thirty-first of December of the same year.

Article 21 Annual accounts and allocation of profits

21.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the Board of
Managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets and liabilities, the balance
sheet and the profit and loss accounts in accordance with the law.

21.2. From the annual net profits of the Company, five percent (5%) at least shall be
allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to be mandatory as soon

and as long as the aggregate amount of such reserve amounts to ten percent (10%)
of the share capital of the Company.

21.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company by a shareholder may also be
allocated to the legal reserve if the contributing shareholder agrees with such
allocation.

21.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve may be
reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten percent (10%) of the share
capHaL

21.5 Upon recommendation of the Board of Managers, the general meeting of
shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the Company’s annual net profits
shall be used in accordance with the Law and these articles of association.

21.6 The Class B redeemable shares will give its holder only the entitlement to the
equivalent of gains realized on the assets held by the Company, as this notion will
be further elaborated between the shareholder(s) and the Company.

12


21.7 The Class C redeemable shares will give its holder entitlements to any income
and gain which are neither (i) interest revenues and other economically equivalent
revenues or (ii) gains tracked under the Class B shares. For the avoidance of doubt,
all other proﬁts will be allocated to the Class A redeemable shares.

Article 22 Interim dividends - Share premium

22.1 The Board of Managers may decide to pay interim dividends on the basis of
interim financial statements prepared by the Board of Managers showing that
sufficient funds are available for distribution, it being understood that the amount to
be distributed may not exceed realized profits since the end of the last ﬁscal year,
increased by carried forward profits and distributable reserves, but decreased by
carried forward losses and sums to be allocated to a reserve to be established by
law or by these articles of association. The Board of Managers must resolve to
distribute the interim dividends within two (2) months of the date of the interim
financial statements. The statutory auditor (commissaire) or the independent auditor
(réviseur d’entreprises agréé), if any, verifies that the above conditions have been
duly fulfilled.

22.2 If the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable profits at the end of the
fiscal year, such difference shall be considered as an advance on the next dividend.

22.3 The share premium, if any, may be freely distributed to the shareholder(s) by a
resolution of the shareholder(s) or of the Manager(s), subject to conditions set forth
under the above paragraph and under Luxembourg law.

F. SUPERVISION OF THE COMPANY

Article 23 Auditor(s)

23.1 In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders,
the operations of the Company shall be supervised by one or several statutory
auditors (commissaire(s)). The general meeting of shareholders shall appoint the
statutory auditor(s) and shall determine their term of ofﬁce.

23.2 Any statutory auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and with or
without cause by the general meeting of shareholders.

23.3 The statutory auditors have an unlimited right of permanent supervision and
control of all operations of the Company.

23.4 If the shareholders of the Company appoint one or more independent auditor(s)
(réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)) in accordance with article 69 of the law of 19
December 2002 regarding the trade and companies’ register and the accounting and
annual accounts of undertakings, the institution of statutory auditor(s) is suppressed.

13


23.5. Any independent auditor may only be removed with cause or with the approval
of the general meeting of shareholders.

G. LIQUIDATION

Article 24 Liquidation

24.1 The Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the shareholders
adopted with the consent of shareholders owning at least three-quarters of the share
capHaL

24.2 In the event of dissolution of the Company and save where art. 1865bis
paragraph 2 and following of the Luxembourg Civil Code applies, the liquidation shall
be carried out by one or several liquidators who are appointed by the general
meeting of shareholders, deciding such dissolution and which shall determine their
powers and their compensation. Unless otherwise provided, the liquidators shall
have the most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and payment of the
liabilities of the Company.

24.3 Unless otherwise provided in these articles of association, the surplus resulting
from the realisation of the assets and the payment of the liabilities shall be distributed
among the shareholders in proportion to the number of shares of the Company held
by them.

H. FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW

Article 25 Governing law
All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined in
accordance with the Law.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS

1. The first financial year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the Company
and terminate on 31 December 2018.

2. lnterim dividends may also be distributed during the Company’s first financial
year.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The one million two hundred thousand (1,200,000) issued shares, one million one
hundred eighty thousand (1,180,000) of which are issued as Class A redeemable
shares, ten thousand (10,000) of which are issued as Class B redeemable share
and ten thousand (10,000) of which are issued as Class C redeemable share have

14


been subscribed in their entirety by Empire Credit Holding I S.à r.l.
(aforementioned), for the global price of twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000.-) and
have been paid for in full by a contribution in cash. All the shares so subscribed are
fully paid-up in cash so that the amount of twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000.-) is
as of now available to the Company, as it has been justified to the undersigned
notary.

EXPENSES
The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form whatsoever incurred by
the Company or which shall be borne by the Company in connection with its

incorporation are estimated at approximately one thousand five hundred euro (EUR
1,500-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER
The incorporating shareholder, representing the entire share capital of the Company
and considering itself as duly convened, has thereupon passed the following
resolutions:

1. The address of the registered ofﬁce of the Company is set at 26A, Boulevard
Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

2. The following persons are appointed as Managers of the Company for an
unlimited term:

- Mr. Nicholas Curwen, born on 22 September 1976, in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy Luxembourg, with professional address at 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Ms Francesca Pham, born on 2 September 1987 in Milan, Italy, with
professional address at 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Ms Irina Heintel, born on 23 December 1977 in Saint Petersburg, Russia, with
professional address at 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg; and

- Mr Antoine Servais, born on 3 August 1988 in Josse-Ten-Noode, Belgium, with
professional address at 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

STATEMENT

The undersigned notary states that the conditions provided for in article 710-6(1) and
710-7(1) of the Law have been observed.

15


Whereof this notarial deed was drawn up in Ettelbruck, on the day specified at the
beginning of this document.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states herewith that
on request of the appearing party, this deed is worded in English followed by a
French translation; on the request of the same appearing party and in case of
divergence between the English and the French text, the English version shall
prevail.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing party, known
to the notary by name, first name and residence, the said proxyholder of the
appearing party signed together with the notary this deed.

Suit la traduction française de ce qui précède.
L’an deux mille dix-huit, le vingt-et-unieme jour du mois de décembre,

Par-devant nous, Maitre Elisabeth Reinard, notaire de résidence a Ettelbruck,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

A COMPARU :

Empire Credit Holding I S.à r.l., une société a responsabilité limitée constituée
selon les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, ayant son siege social au 26A,
Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, enregistrée
aupres du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg sous le numéro
B 223.529,

représentée aux présentes par Helena Ramos, employée du notaire Elisabeth
Reinard, demeurant professionnellement a Ettelbruck, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé.

Ladite procuration, paraphée ne varietur par le mandataire de la partie comparante
et par le notaire, restera annexée au présent acte pour etre soumise avec lui aux

formalités d’enregistrement.

Le comparant a requis le notaire instrumentant de dresser l’acte de constitution d’une
société a responsabilité limitée qu’il souhaite constituer avec les statuts suivants:

A. DENOMINATION - OBJET - DUREE - SIEGE SOCIAL

Article 1 Dénomination

16


Il existe une société à responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination « Empire Credit
Investments ll S.à r.l. » (ci-après la « Société »), régie par la loi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la « Loi »), ainsi que par
les présents statuts.

Article 2 Objet

2.1 L’objet de la Société consiste en la prise de participations, tant au
Luxembourg qu’à l’étranger, dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises sous quelque forme
que ce soit, et la gestion de ces participations. La Société peut notamment investir
dans un portefeuille de titres et de prêts ou d’autres instruments financiers, et dans
des obligations garanties ou non garanties, fonds, effets, actions et autres
instruments de dettes ou titres, créances commerciales ou autres formes de
créances, obligations (incluant, sans s’y limiter, des instruments ou obligations
synthétiques), acquérir des droits ou participations dans des prêts et dans des
contrats financiers dérivés ou instruments ﬁnanciers dérivés, conclure tout contrat
relatif à ce portefeuille et administrer, développer et gérer ce portefeuille.

2.2 La Société peut également garantir, nantir, céder, grever de charges ou
autrement créer et accorder des sûretés, accorder des prêts ou assister de toute
autre manière des sociétés qui font partie du même groupe de sociétés que la
Société ou d’autres sociétés aﬁn de garantir ses propres obligations et celles de toute
autre société et, de manière générale, en sa faveur et en faveur de toute autre société
ou personne.

2.3 La Société peut employer toutes les techniques et instruments nécessaires
à une gestion efficace de ses investissements et a sa protection contre les risques
de crédit, les fluctuations monétaires, les fluctuations de taux d’intérêt et autres
ﬂsques.

2.4 Excepté par voie d’appel publique à l’épargne, la Société peut lever des
fonds, notamment en faisant des emprunts sous toute forme ou en émettant toute
sorte d’obligations, de droits de souscription, de titres ou d’instruments de dettes,
d’obligations garanties ou non garanties, et d’une manière générale en émettant des
valeurs mobilières de tout type.

2.5 La Société peut exercer toute activité de nature commerciale, industrielle,
financière, immobilière ou de propriété intellectuelle qu’elle estime utile pour
l’accomplissement de ces objets.

Article 3 Durée
3.1 La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

3.2 Elle peut étre dissoute a tout moment et sans cause par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés, adoptée selon les conditions requises pour une

17


modification des présents statuts.

Article 4 Siège social
4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg.

4.2 Le siège social peut être transféré au sein de la même commune ou dans
toute autre commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par décision du conseil de
gérance (le « Conseil de Gérance », chaque membre étant individuellement
désigné un « Gérant »), qui peut modifier les statuts en conséquence.

4.3 Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du Conseil de Gérance.

4.4 Dans l’hypothèse où le Conseil de Gérance estimerait que des événements
exceptionnels d'ordre politique, des évolutions économiques ou sociales se sont
produits ou seraient imminents, de nature à interférer avec l'activité normale de la
Société à son siège social, il pourra transférer provisoirement le siège social à
l'étranger jusqu'à la cessation complète de ces circonstances anormales; ces
mesures provisoires n'auront toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société,
laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

B. CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1 Le capital social de la Société est fixé à douze mille euros (EUR 12.000),
représenté par un million cent quatre-vingt mille (1.180.000) parts sociales
rachetables de catégorie A ayant une valeur nominale d’un centime d’euro (EUR
0,01 ) chacune, dix mille (10.000) parts sociales rachetables de catégorie B ayant une
valeur nominale d’un centime d’euro (EUR 0,01) chacune et dix mille (10.000) parts
sociales rachetables de catégorie C ayant une valeur nominale d’un centime d’euro
(EUR 0,01) chacune.

5.2 Les parts sociales rachetables de catégorie A, les parts sociales rachetables de
catégorie B et les parts sociales rachetables de catégorie C sont désignées
collectivement et indépendamment de leur catégorie comme les parts sociales et
individuellement et indépendamment de leurs catégories désignées comme une part
sociale. Les détenteurs des parts sociales sont désignés ensemble comme les
associés.

5.3 Toutes les parts sociales auront les mêmes droits, sauf dispositions contraires
des présents statuts.

18


5.4 Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une décision de
l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société, adoptée selon les modalités
requises pour la modification des présents statuts.

5.5 La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi et peut détenir ces parts sociales rachetées en portefeuille ou,
alternativement, les annuler. Le Conseil de Gérance est autorisé à annuler ces parts
sociales détenues en portefeuille et procéder à sa discrétion a la réduction de capital
afférente. Dans ce cas, le Conseil de Gérance fait constater la réduction de capital
par acte notarié. L’acte doit être dressé un mois après la décision du Conseil de
Gérance relatif à l’annulation et a la réduction de capital afférente. Les droits de vote
et les droits financiers attachés aux parts sociales détenues en portefeuille sont
suspendus pendant la durée de leur détention parla Société.

5.6 Le Conseil de Gérance est autorisé, dans les limites de la Loi, pour une période
de cinq (5) ans a compter de la date de l’acte de constitution a : (i) augmenter le
capital social actuel de la Société a une ou plusieurs reprises jusqu’à six millions
euros (EUR 6.000.000) par l’émission de jusqu’à deux cent millions (200.000.000)
de nouvelles parts sociales de catégorie A , jusqu’à deux cent millions (200.000.000)
de nouvelles parts sociales de catégorie B et jusqu’à deux cent millions
(200.000.000) de nouvelles parts sociales de catégorie C ayant les mêmes droits
que les parts sociales existantes, à la valeur comptable des parts existantes et; (ii)
acter chaque augmentation de capital social par acte notarié et modifier le registre
des associés en conséquence.

5.7 La Société peut maintenir un compte de prime d’émission général. Toute prime
d'émission payée lors de l'émission de parts sociales (qui n’est pas affecté
spécifiquement à une catégorie spécifique de parts sociales) sera affectée à ce
compte de prime d'émission général de la Société. Le montant dudit compte de prime
d'émission général constitue des réserves librement distribuables de la Société.
Dans la mesure où le capital social est divisé en plusieurs catégories de parts
sociales, la Société peut maintenir des comptes de prime d’émission par catégorie
séparés. Toute prime versée et spécifiquement affectée à une seule catégorie est
affectée au compte de prime d’émission de cette catégorie et distribuable
uniquement aux parts sociales de cette catégorie.

5.8 La Société peut maintenir un compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres
général (compte 115 « apport en capitaux propres non rémunérés par des titres » du
Plan Comptable Normalisé Luxembourgeois prévu par le règlement grand-ducal du
10 juin 2009). Le montant de ce compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres
général constitue des réserves librement distribuables de la Société. Dans la mesure
où le capital social est divisé en plusieurs catégories de parts sociales, la Société
peut maintenir des comptes spéciaux de réserve en capitaux propres par catégorie
séparés. Toute prime versée et spécifiquement affectée à une seule catégorie est

19


affectée au compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres de cette catégorie et
distribuable uniquement aux parts sociales de cette catégorie. Dans la mesure où ils
n’ont pas été spécifiquement affectés à une catégorie individuelle, tous les montants
ainsi affectés au compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres seront considérés
comme affectés au compte spécial de réserve en capitaux propres général.

5.9 L’assemblée générale des associés ou le Conseil de Gérance agissant dans le
cadre de l’article 5.6 ci-dessus, peut décider d’émettre des obligations convertibles,
des droits de souscription, des warrants auxquels sont attachés des droit de
souscription ou tout autre actif financier donnant droit a des parts sociales.

Article 6 Parts sociales
6.1 Le capital social de la Société est divisé en parts sociales ayant chacune la
même valeur nominale.

6.2 Les parts sociales de la Société, y compris les parts sociales résultant de
l’exercice de tout droit de souscription, sont nominatives.

6.3 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés, avec un nombre maximal de
cent (100) associés. Au cas où le nombre d’associés vient à dépasser la limite de
cent (100), la Société disposera d’un délai d’un (1) an a compter de la date a laquelle
cette limite aura été dépassée pour être transformée.

6.4 Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la faillite ou
l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire concernant tout associé n’entraînera
pas la dissolution de la Société.

Article 7 Registre des parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

7.1 Le registre des parts sociales et, le cas échéant, le registre des droits de
souscription, est tenu au siège social où il est mis a disposition de chaque associé
pour consultation. Ce registre contient toutes les informations requises par la Loi.
Des certificats d’inscription peuvent être émis sur demande et aux frais de l’associé
demandeur.

7.2 La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale. Les
copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les représentera vis-
a-vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous les droits
afférents à une part sociale détenue en copropriété à l’exclusion du droit à
l’information jusqu’a ce qu’une seule personne soit désignée comme étant
propriétaire de la part sociale à l’égard de la Société.

7.3 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

20


7.4 Entre vifs, elles seront uniquement transférables a de nouveaux associés
sous réserve de l’agrément préalable des associés représentant au moins les trois-
quarts des parts sociales de la Société. Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, les
parts sociales sont librement cessibles aux tiers.

7.5 Si un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales a des tiers,
cet associé cédant doit notifier la cession proposée à la Société, et un tel transfert
sera soumis aux dispositions des articles 7.6 a 7.12 de ces statuts.

7.6 Si le transfert proposé n’est pas approuvé par les associés représentant au
moins les trois-quarts des parts sociales de la Société ou si la Société a refusé de
consentir à la cession conformément à la Loi, les associés peuvent, dans les trois (3)
mois a compter de ce refus, acquérir ou faire acquérir la/les part(s) sociale(s) a un
prix fixé conformément à l’article 7.8 des statuts, sauf dans la situation où le cédant
renonce à la cession de ses parts sociales. A la requête du/des Gérant(s), le délai
de trois (3) mois peut être prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de référé,
sans que cette prolongation puisse dépasser six (6) mois.

7.7 La Société peut également, dans Ie méme délai tel que mentionné dans
l’article 7.6 ci-dessus et avec le consentement de l’associé cédant, (i) décider de
réduire son capital social du montant de la valeur nominale des parts sociales
concernées et (ii) racheter lesdites parts sociales a un prix fixé conformément à
l’article 7.8 des statuts.

7.8 Aux fins des articles 7.6 et 7.7, le prix de cession ou le prix de rachat
correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales telle que déterminée de
bonne foi par le Conseil de Gérance.

7.9 Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti mentionné dans les articles 7.6 et 7.7 ci-
dessus, les associés existants n’ont pas acquis les parts sociales et la Société n’a
pas racheté ces parts sociales, l’associé cédant pourra vendre ses parts sociales au
nouvel associé proposé au prix de cession et dans les conditions prévues et notifiées
a la Société.

7.10 Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable à la Société et aux tiers sur
notification de la cession à, ou après l’acceptation de la cession par la Société

conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du Code civil.

7.11 Pour tous les autres points, il est fait référence aux articles 100-15, 710-12
et710-13 dela Loi.

C. GERANCE

21


Article 8 Pouvoirs du gérant unique; composition et pouvoirs du Conseil
de Gérance

8.1 La Société est gérée par un gérant (le « Gérant Unique ») ou par plusieurs
gérants nommés par les associés réunis en assemblée générale. Au cas où plusieurs
gérants sont nommés, ceux-ci constituent un Conseil de Gérance. Le Gérant Unique
ou les Gérants ne doivent pas nécessairement être associés de la Société. Le Gérant
Unique ou les Gérants peuvent être révoqués ad nutum par décision de l’assemblée
générale des associés.

8.2 Vis-a-vis des tiers, le Gérant Unique ou, en cas de pluralité des Gérants, le
Conseil de Gérance aura tout pouvoir pour agir au nom de la Société en toutes
circonstances et pour exécuter tout acte nécessaire ou utile à l’accomplissement de
l’objet social de la Société.

8.3 Le Conseil de Gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir
au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire ou utile pour
l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à l’exception des pouvoirs réservés
parla Loi ou par les présents statuts à l’assemblée générale des associés.

8.4 Le Conseil de Gérance peut déléguer des pouvoirs spéciaux ou limités pour
des tâches spécifiques à un ou plusieurs agents.

8.5 Le Conseil de Gérance est autorisé à déléguer la gestion journalière, ainsi
que le pouvoir de représentation de la Société a cet effet, a un ou plusieurs gérants,
directeurs et autres agents, associés ou non, agissant individuellement ou
conjointement, conformément à la Loi.

Article9 Election, révocation des Gérants et durée du mandat des
Gérants
9.1 Le(s) Gérant(s) est (sont) élu(s) par l’assemblée générale des associés qui

détermine sa (leur) rémunération et la durée de son (leur) mandat.

9.2 Le(s) Gérant(s) est (sont) élu(s) et peu(ven)t être librement révoqué(s) atout
moment, avec ou sans motif, par un vote des associés représentant plus de la moitié
du capital social de la Société.

Article 10 Vacance d’un poste de Gérant

10.1 Dans l’hypothèse où un poste de Gérant deviendrait vacant suite au décès,
à l’incapacité juridique, la faillite, la retraite ou pour tout autre motif, cette vacance
peut être pourvue de manière temporaire et pour une période ne pouvant excéder
celle du mandat initial du Gérant remplacé par les Gérants restants jusqu’a la
prochaine assemblée des associés appelée à statuer sur la nomination permanente,
conformément aux dispositions juridiques applicables.

22


10.2 Dans l’hypothèse où la vacance survient alors que la Société est gérée par
|e Gérant Unique, cette vacance est comblée sans délai par l’assemblée générale
des associés.

Article 11 Convocation aux réunions du Conseil de Gérance

11.1 Le Conseil de Gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout Gérant, à l’endroit
indiqué dans l’avis de convocation écrit. Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance sont
tenues au siège social de la Société sauf indication contraire dans la convocation à
la réunion.

11.2 Avis écrit de toute réunion du Conseil de Gérance doit être donné aux
Gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures à l’avance par rapport à la date fixée
dans la convocation, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et les motifs d’une
telle urgence seront mentionnées dans la convocation. || peut etre passé outre à
cette convocation en cas d’accord écrit de chaque Gérant, par télécopie, courrier
électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication. Une copie d’un tel
document signé constituera une preuve suffisante d’un tel accord. Aucune
convocation préalable ne sera exigée pour un conseil de gérance dont |e lieu et
I’heure auront été déterminés par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent Conseil
de Gérance.

11.3 Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans l’hypothèse où tous les
membres du Conseil de Gérance sont présents ou représentés à une telle réunion
et ont renoncé aux formalités de convocation ou dans l’hypothèse de décisions
écrites approuvées et signées par tous les membres du Conseil de Gérance.

Article 12 Conduite des réunions du Conseil de Gérance

12.1 Le Conseil de Gérance peut élire un président du Conseil de Gérance parmi
ses membres. || peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui peut ne pas être membre
du Conseil de Gérance et qui sera chargé de tenir les procès-verbaux des réunions
du Conseil de Gérance.

12.2 Le président du Conseil de Gérance, |e cas échéant, préside toutes les
assemblées générales des associés et réunions du Conseil de Gérance, mais en
son absence, |e Conseil de Gérance peut nommer provisoirement un autre Gérant
comme président temporaire par un vote à la majorité des voix présentes à
l’assemblée ou à la réunion.

12.3 Tout Gérant peut se faire représenter à toute réunion du Conseil de Gérance
en désignant tout autre Gérant comme son mandataire par écrit, ou par télécopie,
courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire, une copie du
mandat en constituant une preuve suffisante. Un Gérant peut représenter un ou
plusieurs, mais non l’intégralité de ces collègues.

23


12.4 Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance peuvent également se tenir par
téléconférence ou vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de télécommunication
permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de s'entendre mutuellement sans
discontinuité et garantissant une participation effective à cette réunion. La
participation a une réunion par ces moyens équivaut à une participation en personne
et la réunion tenue par de tels moyens de communication est réputée s’être tenue
au siège social de la Société.

12.5 Le Conseil de Gérance ne peut délibérer valablement ou agir que si la
majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée.

12.6 Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des voix des Gérants présents ou
représentés à chaque réunion du Conseil de Gérance.

12.7 Sauf disposition contraire de la Loi, tout Gérant qui a, directement ou
indirectement, tout intérêt financier dans une transaction relevant de la compétence
du Conseil de Gérance qui est contraire à l’intérêt de la Société, doit informer le
Conseil de Gérance de ce conflit d’intérêts et doit avoir sa déclaration enregistrée
dans le procès-verbal de la réunion du conseil. Ce Gérant ne peut pas prendre part
aux discussions ni voter sur cette transaction. Pareil conﬂit d’intérêt doit être notifié
à la prochaine assemblée générale des associés avant de prendre toute décision sur
tout autre point.

12.8 Nonobstant ce qui précède, aucune transaction journalière conclue dans des
conditions normales, ni aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et toute
autre société ne sera impactée ou invalidée par le fait qu’un ou plusieurs des Gérants
ou agents de la Société n’aient un intérêt, ne soit gérant, administrateur, associé,
agent ou employé de cette autre société. Tout Gérant ou membre de la Société qui
serait administrateur, agent ou employé d’une société ou d’une entreprise avec
laquelle la Société signerait un contrat ou s’engagerait en affaires, ne sera pas, du
fait de son affiliation avec cette autre société ou entreprise, empêché de délibérer et
de voter ou d’agir sur les points en rapport avec ces contrats ou autres affaires.

12.9 Quand, a cause d’un conflit d’intérêt, le nombre de Gérants requis afin de
délibérer et voter sur le sujet concerné n’est pas atteint, le Conseil de Gérance peut
décider de reporter la décision a la prochaine assemblée générale des associés.

12.10 Le Conseil de Gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des décisions par voie
circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit, par télécopie, courrier électronique
ou par tout autre moyen de communication similaire. Le Gérant peut exprimer son
consentement séparément, l’ensemble des consentements attestant de l'adoption
des décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la dernière signature.

24


Article 13 Procés-verbaux des réunions du Conseil de Gérance; procès-
verbaux des décisions du Gérant Unique

13.1 Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du Conseil de Gérance seront
signés par le président, le cas échéant, ou, en son absence, par le président
temporaire, ou par deux (2) Gérants présents. Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-
verbaux, qui pourront être produits en justice ou ailleurs, seront signés par le
président ou, le cas échéant, par deux (2) Gérants.

13.2 Les décisions du Gérant Unique sont retranscrites dans des procès-verbaux
qui seront signés par le Gérant Unique. Les copies ou extraits de ces procès-
verbaux, qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans tout autre contexte, seront
signés parle Gérant Unique.

Article 14 Rapports avec les tiers

La Société sera valablement engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances (i)
par la signature du Gérant Unique, ou (ii) si la Société a plusieurs Gérants, par la
signature conjointe de deux (2) Gérants ou (iii) parla signature conjointe ou la seule
signature de toute(s) personne(s) à laquelle/auxquelles pareil pouvoir de signature
aura été délégué parle Conseil de Gérance.

D. DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 15 Décisions collectives des associés

Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions collectives quel que soit
le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient. Chaque associé a un nombre de voix égal
au nombre de parts qu'il détient ou représente.

Article 16 Pouvoirs et déroulement de l’assemblée générale des associés;
résolutions écrites des associés

16.1 Les assemblées générales d’associés pourront être tenues aux lieux et
heures indiquées dans les convocations aux assemblées générales
correspondantes. Il est tenu une liste des présences à toute assemblée générale.

16.2 Un associé peut participer à une assemblée générale par téléphone ou
visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant à tous ceux
participant à la réunion de s’identifier, de s’entendre et de se parler. La participation
par un de ces moyens équivaut à une participation en personne à cette assemblée
dument convoquée et tenue. Dans un tel cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son
mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social de la Société et
l’assemblée sera réputée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

16.3 L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui sont

25


expressément réservés par la Loi et par les présents statuts. Sous réserve d’un
quorum plus élevé prévu par les présents statuts, les décisions collectives des
associés de la Société ne seront valablement prises que pour autant qu’elles auront
été adoptées par des associés détenant plus de la moitié du capital social.

16.4 Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société ne compte pas plus de soixante
(60) associés, les décisions collectives qui relèveraient d’ordinaire de la compétence
de l’assemblée générale pourront être valablement adoptées par voie de décisions
écrites, excepté dans le cas d’une modification des statuts en conformité avec
l’article 18. Dans une telle hypothèse, chaque associé recevra le texte de ces
résolutions ou des décisions à adopter expressément formulées et votera par écrit.
De telles résolutions écrites sont uniquement valablement adoptées en conformité
avec la Loi, dans la mesure où elles sont adoptées par des associés détenant plus
de la moitié du capital social.

16.5 Le Conseil de Gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout associé qui
manque a ses obligations décrites dans les présents statuts ou dans toute
convention pertinente que les associés peuvent conclure avec la Société de temps
a autre (s’il y en a une).

16.6 Au cas où les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont suspendus
conformément à l’article 16.5 ou qu’un ou plusieurs associés ont renoncé à l’exercice
de leurs droits de vote, ces associés peuvent assister a toute assemblée générale
mais les parts sociales qu’ils possèdent ne sont pas prises en compte pour
déterminer les conditions de quorum a respecter aux assemblées générales
conformément a l’article 16.3 ou déterminer si des résolutions écrites ont été
valablement adoptées.

16.7 Un associé peut a titre personnel décider de ne pas exercer, de manière
temporaire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote par renonciation
formelle a ses droits. L’associé qui y renonce est engagé par cette renonciation et la
renonciation s’impose à l’égard de la Société dès notification à cette dernière.

16.8 Les détenteurs de droits de souscription ont le droit d’assister aux
assemblées générales des associés, mais avec voix consultative seulement.

16.9 Les associés peuvent voter à toute assemblée générale par des formulaires
de vote fournis par la Société, lesdits formulaires de vote devant faire au moins
apparaitre le lieu, la date et l’heure de l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée,
les propositions soumises aux associés ainsi que pour chaque proposition trois
cases permettant à l’associé de voter pour, contre ou de s’abstenir de voter en
cochant la case prévue à cet effet. Les formulaires de vote qui ne font pas apparaitre,
pour une résolution proposée (i) un vote pour, ou (ii) un vote contre, ou (iii) une
abstention, sont considérés nuls pour cette résolution. La Société ne prend en

26


considération que les formulaires de vote reçus au plus tard 24 heures avant la tenue
de l’Assemblée Générale à laquelle ils se rapportent.

16.10 La Société reconnaitra tous arrangements de vote convenus dans une
convention que les associés et la Société peuvent conclure de temps a autre (s’il y
en a une) dans la mesure où ces arrangements ne s’opposent pas aux dispositions
de l’article 710-20 de la Loi.

Article 17 Changement de nationalité
Les associés ne peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société qu’avec le
consentement des associés détenant au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.

Article 18 Modification des statuts
18.1 Toute modification des statuts requiert l’accord des associés représentant
au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.

18.2 Toute augmentation de l’engagement d’un associé dans la Société exige le
consentement unanime des associés.

18.3 Si la délibération a adopter par l’assemblée générale des associés est de
nature a modifier les droits respectifs des catégories de parts sociales, la délibération
doit, pour être valable, être approuvée par les associés représentant au moins les
trois-quarts du capital social pour chaque catégorie de parts sociales.

Article 19 Pouvoirs de l’associé unique

En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs dévolus à l’assemblée
générale des associés en vertu des dispositions du titre VII de la Loi. Notamment,
l’associé unique exercera les pouvoirs conférés aux associés et/ou aux gérants,
conformément aux articles 710-18 a 710-21 et l’article 710-26 de la Loi. Dans
l’hypothèse d’un associé unique, toute référence faite dans les présentes à «
l’assemblée générale des associés » devra être entendue comme une référence à
l’associé unique, selon le contexte et le cas échéant, et les pouvoirs conférés à
l’assemblée générale des associés seront exercés par l’associé unique.

E. EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS — AFFECTATION DES
BENEFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DlVlDENDES

Article 20 Exercice social
L’exercice social de la Société commence le premierjanvier de chaque année et se

termine le trente-et-un décembre de la même année.

Article 21 Comptes annuels - Distribution des bénéfices
21.1 Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés et le Conseil

27


de Gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la Société, le bilan et le
compte de profits et pertes, conformément a la loi.

21.2 Sur les bénéfices annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent (5%) au moins
seront affectés a la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera d'être obligatoire dès
que et tant que le montant total de la réserve légale de la Société atteindra dix pour
cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

21.3 Les sommes apportées à une réserve de la Société par un associé peuvent
également être affectées à la réserve légale si cet associé consent à une telle
affectation.

21.4 En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la Société pourra
être réduite en proportion, de manière à ne pas excéder dix pour cent (10%) du
capital social.

21.5 Sur proposition du Conseil de Gérance, l'assemblée générale des associés
décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices annuels nets de la Société
conformément à la Loi et aux présents statuts.

21.6 Les parts sociales rachetables de catégorie B donneront a leur détenteur
uniquement des droits a l'équivalent des gains réalisés sur les actifs détenus par la
Société, car cette notion sera élaborée plus en détail entre les associé(s) et la
Société.

21.7 Les parts sociales rachetables de catégorie C donneront a leur détenteur droit
a tous revenus ou gain qui ne sont pas (i) des revenus d’intérêt ou autres revenus
économiquement équivalents ou (ii) gains liés à la part ou aux parts sociales de
catégorie B. Pour éviter tout incertitude, tous les autres gains seront attribués aux
parts sociales rachetables de catégorie A.

Article 22 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission

22.1 Le Gérant ou le Conseil de Gérance peut décider de verser des acomptes
sur dividendes sur la base de comptes préparés par le Conseil de Gérance montrant
que suffisamment de fonds sont disponibles pour être distribués, étant entendu que
le montant destiné a être distribué ne peut excéder les bénéﬁces réalisés depuis la
fin du dernier exercice fiscal, augmentés des bénéfices reportés et des réserves
distribuables, mais diminués des pertes reportées et des sommes destinées à être
affectées à une réserve établies par la loi ou les présents statuts. Le Conseil de
Gérance doit décider de distribuer les dividendes intérimaires dans les deux (2) mois
suivant la date des comptes intérimaires. Le commissaire ou le réviseur d’entreprises
agréé, s’il y en a un, vérifie que les conditions ci-dessus ont été dument remplies.

22.2 Si les dividendes intérimaires qui ont été distribués dépassent les bénéfices

28


distribuables a la fin de l’exercice social, cette différence sera considérée comme un
acompte sur le dividende suivant.

22.3 Toute prime d'émission, le cas échéant, peut être librement distribuée à (aux)
associé(s) par résolution du/des associé(s) ou du/des Gérant(s), sous réserve des
conditions énoncées au paragraphe ci-dessus et parla loi luxembourgeoise.

F. AUDIT ET SURVEILLANCE
Article 23 Commissaire(s) — réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s)

23.1 Dans l’hypothèse où, et tant que la Société comptera plus de soixante (60)
associés, les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par un ou plusieurs
commissaires. L'assemblée générale des associés désigne les commissaires et
détermine la durée de leurs fonctions.

23.2 Un commissaire pourra être révoqué a tout moment, sans préavis et sans
motif, par l'assemblée générale des associés.

23.3 Les commissaires ont un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanents sur toutes les opérations de la Société.

23.4 Si les associés de la Société désignent un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre 2002
concernant le registre de commerce et des sociétés ainsi que la comptabilité et les
comptes annuels des entreprises, la fonction de commissaire sera supprimée.

23.5 Le réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne pourra être révoqué que pourjuste motif
ou avec l’approbation de l'assemblée générale des associés.

G. LIQUIDATION
Article 24 Liquidation

24.1 La Société peut être dissoute a tout moment par résolution des associés de
la Société adoptée avec le consentement des associés détenant au moins les trois-
quarts du capital.

24.2 En cas de dissolution de la Société et en conformité et sous réserve de
l’application de l’article 1865bis paragraphe 2 et suivants du Code Civil
luxembourgeois, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs
nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé de cette dissolution et
qui fixera les pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des liquidateurs. Sauf disposition

29


contraire, les liquidateurs disposeront des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la
réalisation de l’actif et du passif de la Société.

24.3 Sauf disposition contraire des présents statuts, le surplus résultant de la
réalisation de l’actif et du passif sera distribué entre les associés en proportion du
nombre de parts sociales qu'ils détiennent dans la Société.

H. DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 25 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts sera déterminé en conformité avec
la Loi.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

1. Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution de la Société
et se termine le 31 décembre 2018.

2. Des acomptes sur dividendes pourront aussi être distribués pendant le
premier exercice social de la Société.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les un million deux cent mille (1.200.000) parts sociales émises, à savoir un million
cent quatre-vingt mille (1.180.000) parts sociales rachetables de catégorie A, dix
mille (10.000) parts sociales rachetables de catégorie B et dix mille (10.000) parts
sociales rachetables de catégorie C ont été entièrement souscrites par Empire
Credit Holding l S.à r.l. (susmentionnée) pour un prix global de douze mille euros
(EUR 12.000) qui a été entièrement payé par voie d’apport en numéraire. Toutes les
parts sociales ainsi souscrites ont été intégralement libérées par voie d’apport en
numéraire, de sorte que le montant de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000) est dès à
présent à la disposition de la Société, ce dont il a été justifié au notaire soussigné.

FRAIS
Le montant des dépenses, frais, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque forme que
ce soit, qui incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa charge en raison de sa
constitution, est évalué à environ mille cinq cents euros (EUR 1.500-).

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE
L’associé fondateur, représentant l'intégralité du capital social de la Société et se
considérant comme dûment convoqué, a adopté les résolutions suivantes:

1. L'adresse du siège social de la Société est établie au 26A, Boulevard Royal,
L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

30


2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées Gérants de la Société pour une
durée indéterminée:

- M. Nicholas Curwen, né Ie 22 septembre 1976 à Luxembourg, Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg, ayant son adresse professionnelle au 26A, Boulevard Royal,
L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

- Mme Francesca Pham, née le 2 septembre 1987 à Milan, Italie, ayant son
adresse professionnelle au 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

- Mme lrina Heintel, née le 23 décembre 1977 a Saint Pétersbourg, Russia,
ayant son adresse professionnelle au 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ; et

- M. Antoine Servais, né le 3 aout 1988 a Josse-Ten-Noode, Belgique, ayant
son adresse professionnelle au 26A, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

DECLARATION
Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l’existence des conditions énumérées à
l’article 710-6(1) et 710-7(1) de la Loi, et en constate expressément
l’accomplissement.

Dont acte, passé a Ettelbruck, a la date figurant en tête des présentes.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate sur demande du
comparant que le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise suivi d'une traduction
en français; a la demande du même comparant et en cas de divergence entre le texte
anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fait foi.

L'acte ayant été lu au mandataire du comparant connu du notaire instrumentant par
ses nom, prénom, et résidence, ledit mandataire du comparant a signé avec le
notaire le présent acte.

(signé) Helena Ramos, Elisabeth Reinard.

Enregistré à Diekirch Actes Civiles
Le 24 décembre 2018

Relation : DAC/2018/18051

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75 €

31


Le Receveur (s.) Carlo Rodenbour

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

Délivrée aux fins de publication au Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et
Associations (RESA)

Ettelbruck, Ie 31 décembre 2018.

32


