Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230567

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.79
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Sculptor Ristretto Investments S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée
Siège social :
26b, boulevard Royal,

L-2449 Luxembourg,

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 05 DECEMBRE 2018

NUMERO 7101

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the ﬁfth day of December.

Before Maitre Karine REUTER, notary, residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg,

THERE APPEARS:

“Sculptor Holdings S.à r.l.”, a Luxembourg private limited liability
company (société à responsabilité limitée), having its registered ofﬁce at 26b,
boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number
B 111.786 (the “Sole Shareholder”),

hereby represented by Mr. Damien BARBOSA, employee, professionally
residing in Luxembourg, by virtue of a power of attorney given under private
seal

The power of attorney, after having been initialled ne varietur by the
attorney-in-fact of the Sole Shareholder and by the undersigned notary, shall
remain attached to the present deed and be submitted with this deed to the
registration authorities.

The Sole Shareholder requests the undersigned notary to record the
following articles of incorporation of a private limited liability company
(société à responsabilité limitée) (the “Articles”), which it hereby declares to
incorporate:

I. Name - Registered ofﬁce - Object — Duration

ARTICLE 1. Name.

1.1 The name of the company is Sculptor Ristretto Investments S.à r.l. (the
Company).

1.2 The Company is a private limited liability company (société à
responsabilité limitée) governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, in particular the law of August 10,1915 on commercial
companies, as amended (the Law), and these articles of association (the
Articles).

ARTICLE 2. Registered ofﬁce.

2.1 The Company's registered ofﬁce is established in the city of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within such
municipality or to any other location in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a


resolution of the board of managers, who will then be authorised to amend the
Articles to reﬂect the completion of the transfer.

2.2 Branches, subsidiaries or other ofﬁces may be established in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of managers. If
the board of managers determines that extraordinary political or military
developments or events have occurred or are imminent, and that those
developments or events may interfere with the normal activities of the
Company at its registered ofﬁce, or with ease of communication between that
ofﬁce and persons abroad, the registered ofﬁce may be temporarily transferred
abroad until the developments or events in question have completely ceased.
Any such temporary measures do not affect the nationality of the Company,
which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its registered ofﬁce, will
remain a Luxembourg incorporated company.

ARTICLE 3. Corporate object.

3.1 The purpose of the Company is the holding of participations, in any form
whatsoever, in Luxembourg and foreign companies and any other form of
investment, the acquisition by purchase, subscription or in any other manner as
well as the transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise of securities of any kind and
the administration, management, control and development of its portfolio.

3.2 The Company may further guarantee, grant security in favour of third
parties to secure its obligations or the obligations of companies in which it
holds a direct or indirect participation or which form part of the same group of
companies as the Company, grant loans or otherwise assist the companies in
which it holds a direct or indirect participation or which form part of the same
group of companies as the Company.

3.3 The Company may carry out any commercial, industrial, ﬁnancial, real
estate or intellectual property activities which it may deem useful in
accomplishment of these purposes.

ARTICLE 4. Duration.

4.1 The Company is formed for an unlimited period.

4.2 The Company is not dissolved by reason of the death, suspension of civil
rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event affecting one or
more shareholders.

II. Capital — Shares

ARTICLE 5. Capital.

5.1 The share capital is set at twelve thousand Euros (EUR l2,000.-),
represented by twelve thousand (l2,000.-) shares in registered form, with a par
value of one Euro (EUR 1) each, all subscribed and fully paid-up.

5.2 The share capital may be increased or reduced once or more by a
resolution of the shareholders, acting in accordance with the conditions
prescribed for the amendment of the Articles.

5.3 The general meeting of the shareholders (the General Meeting) has the
option (but not the obligation) to decide that any contribution in cash or in kind


made as share premium in connection with the subscription by any shareholder
will be booked in a speciﬁc share premium account allocated to the relevant
shareholder and is available only (i) for the purpose of distributions, whether
by dividend, share redemption or otherwise, to the relevant shareholder or (ii)
to be incorporated in the share capital to issue shares corresponding to the
relevant shareholder only.

5.4 The General Meeting is authorised to approve equity contributions
without the issuance of new shares by way of a payment in cash or a payment
in kind or otherwise, on the terms and conditions set by the General Meeting.
A capital contribution without the issuance of new shares shall be booked in a
"capital surplus" account in accordance with Luxembourg law.

5.5 The General Meeting has the option (but not the obligation) to decide
that any contribution in cash or in kind made as "capital surplus" in connection
with the subscription by any shareholder will be booked in a speciﬁc "capital
surplus" account allocated to the relevant shareholder and will be available only
(i) for the purpose of distributions, whether by dividend, share redemption or
otherwise, to the relevant shareholder or (ii) to be incorporated in the share
capital to issue shares corresponding to the relevant shareholder only.

ARTICLE 6. Shares.

6.1 The shares are indivisible and the Company recognises only one (1)
owner per share.

6.2 The shares are freely transferable between shareholders.

6.2.1 When the Company has a sole shareholder, the shares are freely
transferable to third parties.

6.2.2 When the Company has more than one shareholder and
notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in these Articles or any
shareholder’s agreement, the transfer of shares (inter vivos) to third parties is
subject to prior approval by the shareholders (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, by way of written resolutions) representing at least half of the shares of
the Company and in accordance with relevant provisions of articles 710-12 and
710-13 ofthe Law.

6.2.3 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party
transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to the company
with all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the
transferee, the transfer price, and, if relevant, the conditions applicable to the
transfer.

6.2.4 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of the
company pursuant to article 6.2.3, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of the refusal, acquire the share(s) on an equal treatment
basis (unless otherwise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the
share(s), at a price determined in accordance with article 6.2.6, except if the
transferring shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the
manager(s), the three-month-period can be extended by the president of the


chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters
and sitting as in summary proceedings, it being understood that such extension
shall not exceed six (6) months.

6.2.5 To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire the
shares, the company may, within the same timeframe and with the consent of
the transferring shareholder decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an amount
corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the relevant share(s) and (ii)
redeem and cancel such shares at a price determined in 6.2.6 provided always
that the share capital shall not be reduced below the minimum amount provided
by law.

6.2.6 For the purposes of 6.2.4 and 6.2.5, the transfer price or redemption
price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as determined in
good faith by the board of managers.

6.2.7 If, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders have acquired nor the company has redeemed the shares,
the transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the proposed new
shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notiﬁed to the
Company.

6.2.8 A share transfer is only binding on the Company or third parties
following notiﬁcation to or acceptance by the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the Civil Code.

6.3 A register of shareholders is kept at the registered ofﬁce and may be
examined by any shareholder on request.

6.4 In accordance with article 710-5 of the Law, the Company may redeem
its own shares, provided it has sufﬁcient distributable reserves for that purpose,
or if the redemption results from a reduction in the Company's share capital or
as otherwise provided by the Law.

III. Management — Representation

ARTICLE 7. Appointment and removal of managers.

7.1 The Company is managed by one manager or a board of managers (the
Board). The managers are appointed by a resolution of the shareholders, which
sets the term of their mandate.

The managers need not be shareholders.

7.2 The managers may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a
resolution of the shareholders.

7.3 The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of
the Company in relation to such daily management may be delegated to one or
more managers, ofﬁcers or other agents, acting individually or jointly in
accordance with article 710-15 (4) of the Law.

Their appointment, removal and powers shall be determined by a resolution
of the Board.

ARTICLE 8. Board of managers.

8.1 If several managers are appointed, they constitute the Board.


8.2 Powers of the board of managers

(i) All powers not expressly reserved to the shareholders by the Law
or the Articles fall within the competence of the Board, which has full power
to carry out and approve all acts and operations consistent with the Company's
corporate object

(ii) The Board may delegate the daily management of the Company to
any manager or a third party in accordance with article 710-15 (4) of the Law.

(iii) The Board may further grant special and limited powers to one or
more agents for speciﬁc matters.

8.3. Procedure

(i) The Board meets at the request of the chairperson of the meeting
(as deﬁned below) or of any two (2) managers, at the place indicated in the
convening notice, which in principle is in Luxembourg.

(ii) Written notice of any Board meeting is given to all managers at
least twenty-four (24) hours in advance, except in the case of an emergency,
whose nature and circumstances are set forth in the notice.

(iii) No notice is required if all members of the Board are present or
represented and each states that the agenda for the meeting is known to them.
A manager may also waive notice of a meeting, either before or after the
meeting. Separate written notices are not required for meetings which are held
at times and places indicated in a schedule previously adopted by the Board.

(iv) A manager may grant another manager power of attorney in
writing, or by facsimile, electronic mail or any other similar means of
communication in order to be represented at any Board meeting. A manager
may not represent more than one of his colleagues.

(v) The Board may only validly deliberate and act if a majority of its
members are present or represented. Board resolutions are validly adopted by
a majority of the votes by the members of the Board that are present or
represented. Board resolutions are recorded in minutes signed by the
chairperson of the meeting (the Chairperson) or, if no Chairperson has been
appointed, by all the managers present or represented.

(vi) Any manager may participate in any meeting of the Board by
conference call or video conference, or by any other means of communication
which allows all those taking part in the meeting to identify, hear and speak to
each other. Participation by such means is deemed equivalent to participation
in person at a duly convened and held meeting.

(vii) Circular resolutions signed by all the managers (the Managers'
Circular Resolutions) are valid and binding as if passed at a duly convened
and held Board meeting, and bear the date of the last signature.

8.4. Conﬂicts of interest

(i) Procedure regarding a conﬂict of interest

In the event that a manager of the Company has, directly or indirectly, a
ﬁnancial interest opposite to the interest of the Company in any transaction of


the Company that is submitted to the approval of the Board, such manager shall
make known to the Board such opposite interest at that Board meeting and shall
cause a record of his statement to be included in the minutes of the meeting.
The manager may not take part in the deliberations relating to that transaction,
may not vote on the resolutions relating to that transaction and may not count
towards the quorum. The transaction and the manager's interest therein, shall
be reported to the next General Meeting.

(ii) Conﬂict of interests of the sole manager

For so long as the Company has a sole manager, in the event that the sole
manager has an opposite interest to the interest of the Company with respect to
a transaction entered into by the Company and the sole manager, this conﬂict
of interest shall be set out in the minutes or the written resolutions of the sole
manager, as the case may be, recording the approval of that transaction.

(iii) Exceptions regarding conﬂicts of interest

Articles 8.4(i) and (ii) do not apply to resolutions of the Board or the sole
manager concerning transactions made in the ordinary course of business of
the Company which are entered into on arm's length terms.

A manager of the Company who serves as director, ofﬁcer or employee of
any company or ﬁrm with which the Company shall contract or otherwise
engage in business shall not, solely by reason of such afﬁliation with such other
company or ﬁrm, be deemed to have an interest opposite to the interest of the
Company for the purpose of this article 8.4.

(iv) Impact on quorum

Where, by reason of a conﬂicting interest, the number of managers required
in order to validly deliberate and vote is not met, the Board may decide to
submit the decision on the relevant speciﬁc item to the General Meeting.

8.5 Representation

(i) The Company is bound towards third parties in all matters by the
joint signatures of any two (2) managers.

(ii) The Company is also bound towards third parties by the signature
of any person to whom special powers have been delegated.

ARTICLE 9. Sole manager.

9.1 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, all references in the
Articles to the Board or the managers are to be read as references to the sole
manager, as appropriate.

9.2 The Company is bound towards third parties by the signature of the sole
manager.

9.3 The Company is also bound towards third parties by the signature of any
person to whom the sole manager has delegated special powers.

ARTICLE 10. Liability of the managers.

The managers may not, be held personally liable by reason of their mandate
for any commitment they have validly made in the name of the Company,
provided those commitments comply with the Articles and the Law.


IV. Shareholder(s)

ARTICLE 11. General meetings of shareholders and shareholders'
circular resolutions.

11.1 Powers and voting rights

(i) Resolutions of the shareholders are adopted at the General Meeting
or by way of circular resolutions (the Shareholders' Circular Resolutions).

(ii) When resolutions are to be adopted by way of Shareholders'
Circular Resolutions, the text of the resolutions is sent to all the shareholders,
in accordance with the Articles. Shareholders' Circular Resolutions signed by
all the shareholders are valid and binding as if passed at a duly convened and
held General Meeting, and bear the date of the last signature.

(iii) Each share gives entitlement to one (1) vote.

11.2 Notices, quorum, majority and voting procedures

(i) The shareholders are convened to General Meetings or consulted
in writing on the initiative of any managers or shareholders representing more
than one-half of the share capital.

(ii) Written notice of any General Meeting is given to all shareholders
at least eight (8) days prior to the date of the meeting, except in the case of an
emergency whose nature and circumstances are set forth in the notice.

(iii) General Meetings are held at the time and place speciﬁed in the
notices.
(iv) If all the shareholders are present or represented and consider

themselves duly convened and informed of the agenda of the General Meeting,
it may be held without prior notice.

(v) A shareholder may grant written power of attorney to another
person, shareholder or otherwise, in order to be represented at any General
Meeting.

(vi) Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through
video conference or by any other means of communication allowing for their
identiﬁcation, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear one
another on a continuous basis and allowing for an effective participation of all
such persons in the meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation of
the quorums and votes, subject to such means of communication being made
available at the place of the meeting. In such case, at least one (1) shareholder
or his proxy shall be physically present at the registered ofﬁce of the Company
and the meeting shall be deemed held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

(vii) The Board may determine fuxther conditions that must be fulﬁlled
by the shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting of
shareholders.

(viii) An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of
shareholders.

(ix) Resolutions to be adopted at General Meetings or by way of
Shareholders' Circular Resolutions are passed by shareholders owning more


than one-half of the share capital. If this majority is not reached at the ﬁrst
General Meeting or ﬁrst written consultation, the shareholders are convened to
a second General Meeting or consulted a second time, and the resolutions are
adopted at the second General Meeting or by Shareholders' Circular
Resolutions by a majority of the votes cast, irrespective of the proportion of the
share capital represented.

(x) The Articles are amended with the consent of shareholders
representing at least three-quarters of the share capital.

ARTICLE 12. Sole shareholder.

12.1 When the number of shareholders is reduced to one (1), the sole
shareholder exercises all powers granted by the Law to the General Meeting.

12.2 Any reference in the Articles to the shareholders and the General
Meeting or to Shareholders' Circular Resolutions is to be read as a reference to
the sole shareholder or the shareholder's resolutions, as appropriate.

12.3 The resolutions of the sole shareholder are recorded in minutes or
drawn up in writing.

ARTICLE 13. Right to ask questions

One or several shareholders holding together at least ten percent (10%) of
the share capital or the voting rights may submit questions in writing to the
Board relating to transactions in connection with the management of the
Company as well as companies controlled by the Company; with respect to the
latter, such questions shall be assessed in consideration of the relevant entities'
corporate interest.

In the absence of a response within one (1) month, the relevant shareholders
may request the president of the chamber of the district court of Luxembourg
dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in summary proceedings to
appoint one or several experts in charge of drawing up a report on such related
transactions.

V. Annual accounts - Allocation of proﬁts — Supervision

ARTICLE 14. Financial year and approval of annual accounts.

14.1 The ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst (1) of January and ends on the
thirty-ﬁrst (31) of December of each year.

14.2 The Board prepares the balance sheet and proﬁt and loss account
annually, together with an inventory stating the value of the Company's assets
and liabilities, with an annex summarising its commitments and the debts owed
by its manager(s) and shareholders to the Company.

14.3 Any shareholder may inspect the inventory and balance sheet at the
registered ofﬁce.

14.4 The balance sheet and proﬁt and loss account are approved at the
annual General Meeting or by way of Shareholders' Circular Resolutions
within six (6) months following the closure of the ﬁnancial year.

ARTICLE 15. External Auditors (re'viseurs d'entreprises).


15.1 When so required by law, the Company's operations are supervised by
one or more external auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises).

15.2 The shareholders appoint the external auditors, if any, and determine
their number and remuneration and the term of their mandate, which may not
exceed six (6) years but may be renewed.

ARTICLE 16. Allocation of proﬁts.

16.1 Five percent (5%) of the Company's annual net proﬁts are allocated to
the reserve required by law. This requirement ceases when the legal reserve
reaches an amount equal to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital, but shall
again be compulsory if the legal reserve falls below ten per cent (10%) of the
share capital of the Company.

16.2 The shareholders determine the allocation of the balance of the annual
net proﬁts. They may decide on the payment of a dividend, to transfer the
balance to a reserve account, or to carry it forward in accordance with the
applicable legal provisions.

16.3 In accordance with article 710-25 of the Law, interim dividends may
be distributed at any time by the Board subject to the following cumulative
conditions:

(i) the Board draws up interim accounting statement (the Interim
Accounting Statement) which shall be reviewed by an internal or external
auditor to the extent that one has been appointed;

(ii) this Interim Accounting Statement shows that sufﬁcient proﬁts and
other reserves (including without limitation share premium and capital surplus)
are available for distribution; it being understood that the amount to be
distributed may not exceed the proﬁts made since the end of the last ﬁnancial
year for which the annual accounts have been approved, if any, increased by
proﬁts carried forward and distributable reserves, and reduced by losses carried
forward and sums to be allocated to the legal reserve;

(iii) the Board must make the decision to distribute interim dividends
within two months from the date of the Interim Accounting Statement;

(iv) the rights of the Company's creditors are not threatened, taking into
account the assets of the Company;

(v) where the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable proﬁts at
the end of the ﬁnancial year, the relevant excess as acknowledged at the annual
General Meeting shall, unless otherwise decided by the Board at the time of the
dividend declaration, be deemed to be an advance payment for ﬁ1ture
dividends; and

(vi) without prejudice to the competence of the Board as set out under
sections (i) to (v) of this article, the General Meeting may also distribute interim
dividends from time to time, subject to complying with the same conditions
(including review of an Interim Accounting Statement).

VI. Dissolution — Liquidation


17.1 Without prejudice to any other means of dissolution pursuant to the
Law, the Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the
shareholders adopted with the consent of a majority (in number) of
shareholders owning at least three-quarters of the share capital. The
shareholders appoint one or more liquidators, who need not be shareholders, to
carry out the liquidation, and determine their number, powers and
remuneration. Unless otherwise decided by the shareholders, the liquidators
have full power to realise the Company's assets and pay its liabilities.

17.2 The surplus after realisation of the assets and payment of the liabilities
is distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the shares held by each of
them.

VII. General provisions

18.1 Notices and communications may be made or waived, and Managers'
and Shareholders' Circular Resolutions may be evidenced, in writing, by fax,
email or any other means of electronic communication.

18.2 Signatures may be in handwritten or electronic form, provided they
ﬁilﬁl all legal requirements for being deemed equivalent to handwritten
signatures. Signatures of the Managers' Circular Resolutions, the resolutions
adopted by the Board by conference call or video conference or the
Shareholders' Circular Resolutions, as the case may be, are afﬁxed to one
original or several counterparts of the same document, all of which taken
together constitute one and the same document.

18.3 All matters not expressly governed by these Articles are determined in
accordance with the applicable law and, subject to any non-waivable provisions
of the law, with any agreement entered into by the shareholders from time to
time.

Subscription and Payment

The Sole Shareholder, represented as stated above, hereby declares to
subscribe all the 12,000 (twelve thousand) shares of the Company having a
nominal value of EUR 1 (one Euro) each, and to fully pay-up such shares by
means of a contribution in cash in an amount of EUR 12,000 (twelve thousand
Euros), which represents the aggregate subscription price (the “Subscription
Price”) of the 12,000 (twelve thousand) shares of the Company having a
nominal value of EUR 1 (one Euro) each.

Evidence of the payment of the Subscription Price has been given to the
undersigned notary by means of a blocking certiﬁcate conﬁrming the
availability of the amount of the Subscription Price on the Company's bank
account.

Transitory Provisions
The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year of the Company shall start on the date hereof and it

shall end on 31 December 2018.
Estimate of costs

10


The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form whatsoever,
which shall be borne by the Company as a result of the present deed are
estimated to be approximately one thousand two hundred (EUR 1,200).

Sole Shareholder resolutions

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, the Sole Shareholder,
represented as stated above, representing the entire share capital of the
Company, takes the following resolutions:

a) Decision to appoint the following managers:

- Mr. Scott CICCON E, manager, born on 2 November 1958 in New Jersey
(United States of America), residing professionally at Och-Ziff Capital
Management Group LLC — 9 West, 57th Street, 39th Floor, New York, United
States 10019;

- Mr. Szymon Stanislaw DEC, manager, born on 9 July 1978 in Lodz
(Poland), residing professionally at 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Mr. Eric GONNELLA, manager, born on 22 February 1983 in Vannes
(France), residing professionally at 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

- Mr. Hamza MOUMAYZ, manager, born on 29 May 1985 in Casablanca
(Morocco), residing professionally at 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The above-mentioned managers are appointed as managers of the Company,
with effect as of the date hereof and for an unlimited period of time;

(b) the registered ofﬁce of the Company is set at 26b, boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

c) Any manager of the Company is authorized and empowered, acting
solely, to (i) create the share register of the Company and (ii) record the issue
of the shares by the Company to the Sole Shareholder further to the
incorporation of the Company.

DECLARATION BY THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

The Sole Shareholder declares that it agrees to be convened by emails and
undertakes to provide the Company with an email address as soon as possible.

If the Shareholder does not communicate an email address to the Company,
the convening notice will be sent to it by ordinary mail, registered mail or by
express courier.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the attorney-in-fact of the Sole Shareholder, the
present deed is worded in English, followed by a French version; at the request
of the attorney-in-fact of the Sole Shareholder in case of discrepancies between
the English and the French texts, the English version shall prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed is drawn in Luxembourg, on the date
stated above.

11


The document having been read to the attorney-in-fact of the Sole
Shareholder, known to the notary by its surname, name, civil status and
residence, the attorney-in-fact of the Sole Shareholder signs together with the
notary, the present original deed.

Suit la traduction française du texte gui précède :

L’an deux mil dix-huit, le cinq décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Karine REUTER, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

A COMPARU :

<< Sculptor Holdings S.à r.l. >>, une société à responsabilité limitée, ayant
son siège social au 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg, immatriculée au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de
Luxembourg sous le numéro B 111.786 (1’ « Associé Unique »),

ici représentée par M. Damien BARBOSA, employé, ayant son adresse
professionnelle à Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing
privé.

Ladite procuration, après paraphe ne varietur par le mandataire de l’Associé
Unique et le notaire instrumentaire, restera annexée au présent acte pour être
soumise avec lui aux formalités de l’enregistrement.

L’Associé Unique a requis le notaire soussigné d’enregistrer les statuts
suivants d’une société à responsabilité limitée (les << Statuts >>) qu’il déclare
constituer :

I. Dénomination - Siège social - Objet — Durée

ARTICLE 1. Dénomination.

1.1 Le nom de la société est "Sculptor Ristretto Investments S.à r.l." (la
Société).

1.2 La Société est une société à responsabilité limitée régie par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et en particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 sur
les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée (la Loi), ainsi que par les présents
statuts (les Statuts).

ARTICLE 2. Siège social.

2.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la commune de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg. Il peut être transféré dans cette commune ou
dans tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par décision du conseil
de gérance qui sera alors autorisé à modiﬁer les Statuts pour qu'ils tiennent
compte de la réalisation du transfert.

2.2 II peut être créé des succursales, ﬁliales ou autres bureaux tant au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger par décision du conseil de gérance.
Lorsque le conseil de gérance estime que des développements ou événements
extraordinaires d'ordre politique ou militaire se sont produits ou sont
imminents, et que ces développements ou événements sont de nature à
compromettre les activités normales de la Société à son siège social, ou la
communication aisée entre le siège social et l'étranger, le siège social peut être

12


transféré provisoirement à l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation complète de ces
circonstances. Ces mesures provisoires n'ont aucun effet sur la nationalité de la
Société qui, nonobstant le transfert provisoire de son siège social, reste une
société luxembourgeoise.

ARTICLE 3. Objet social.

3.1 La Société a pour objet la prise de participations, sous quelque forme
que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises ou étrangères et toutes autres
formes de placements, l'acquisition par achat, souscription ou de toute autre
manière ainsi que l'aliénation par la vente, échange ou toute autre manière de
valeurs mobilières de toutes espèces et l'administration, la gestion, le contrôle
et la mise en valeur de ces participations.

3.2 La Société peut également garantir, accorder des sûretés à des tiers aﬁn
de garantir ses obligations ou les obligations de sociétés dans lesquelles elle
détient une participation directe ou indirecte ou des sociétés qui font partie du
même groupe de sociétés que la Société, accorder des prêts à ou assister
autrement des sociétés dans lesquelles elle détient une participation directe ou
indirecte ou des sociétés qui font partie du même groupe de sociétés que la
Société.

3.3 La Société pourra exercer toutes activités de nature commerciale,
industrielle, ﬁnancière, immobilière ou de propriété intellectuelle estimées
utiles pour l'accomplissement de ces objets.

ARTICLE 4. Durée.

4.1 La Société est formée pour une durée indéterminée.

4.2 La Société n'est pas dissoute en raison de la mort, de la suspension des
droits civils, de l'incapacité, de l'insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre
événement similaire affectant un ou plusieurs associés.

II. Capital - Parts sociales

ARTICLE 5. Capital.

5.1 Le capital social de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille Euros (EUR
l2.000,-), représenté par douze mille (l2.000,-) parts sociales sous forme
nominative, d'une valeur nominale de un Euro (EUR 1) chacune, toutes
souscrites et entièrement libérées.

5.2 Le capital social peut être augmenté ou réduit à une ou plusieurs reprises
par une résolution des associés, adoptée selon les modalités requises pour la
modification des Statuts.

5.3 L'assemblée générale des associés (l'Assemblée Générale) a la
possibilité (mais non l'obligation) de décider que tout apport en numéraire ou
en nature effectué en tant que prime d'émission en relation avec la souscription
par n'importe quel associé sera enregistré dans un compte de prime d'émission
spéciﬁque alloué à l'associé concerné et est disponible uniquement (i) aux ﬁns
de distributions à l'associé concerné, que ce soit au moyen de dividendes, rachat
de parts sociales ou autre moyen, ou (ii) pour être incorporé au capital social

13


dans le but d'émettre des parts sociales correspondant uniquement à l'associé
concerné.

5.4 L'Assemblée Générale est autorisée à approuver les apports en fonds
propres sans émission de nouvelles parts sociales, réalisés au moyen d'un
paiement en numéraire ou d'un paiement en nature, ou de toute autre manière,
selon les conditions déﬁnies par l'Assemblée Générale. Un apport en fonds
propres sans émission de nouvelles parts sociales doit être enregistré dans un
compte de << capital surplus >> conformément à la loi luxembourgeoise.

5.5 L'Assemblée Générale a la possibilité (mais non l'obligation) de décider
que tout apport en numéraire ou en nature effectué en tant que << capital surplus
>> en relation avec la souscription par n'importe quel associé sera enregistré dans
un compte de << capital surplus >> spéciﬁque alloué à l'associé concerné et sera
disponible uniquement (i) aux ﬁns de distribution à l'associé concerné, que ce
soit au moyen de dividendes, rachat de parts sociales ou autre moyen, ou (ii)
pour être incorporé au capital social dans le but d'émettre des parts sociales
correspondant uniquement à l'associé concerné.

ARTICLE 6. Parts sociales.

6.1 Les parts sociales sont indivisibles et la Société ne reconnaît qu'un (1)
seul propriétaire par part sociale.

6.2 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.2.1 Lorsque la Société a un associé unique, les parts sociales sont
librement cessibles aux tiers.

6.2.2 Lorsque la Société a plus d'un associé, et nonobstant toute disposition
contraire des Statuts ou d’un pacte d’associés, la cession des parts sociales inter
vivos à des tiers est soumise à l'accord préalable des associés (y compris, pour
éviter toute incertitude, par le biais de résolutions écrites) représentant au moins
la moitié du capital social de la Société et conformément aux dispositions
pertinentes des articles 710-12 et 710-13 de la Loi de 1915.

6.2.3 Si un associé a l'intention de transférer une ou plusieurs parts à un tiers
cessionnaire, cet associé cédant doit envoyer un avis àla Société avec tous les
détails pertinents du transfert proposé, y compris l'identité du cessionnaire, le
prix de transfert, et, le cas échéant, les conditions applicables au transfert.

6.2.4 Si le transfert proposé n'est pas approuvé par les associés de la Société
conformément à l'article 6.2.3, les associés peuvent, dans les trois (3) mois à
compter de la date du refus, acquérir la part (les parts) sur une base d'égalité de
traitement (sauf indication contraire convenue entre eux) ou obtenir
l'acquisition de la part (des parts), à un prix déterminé conformément à l'article
6.2.6, sauf si l'associé cédant décide de renoncer au transfert. À la demande du
gérant (des gérants), la période de trois mois peut être prolongée par le
président de la chambre de la cour de Luxembourg siégeant en matière
commerciale et siégeant en référé, étant entendu que cette extension ne doit pas
dépasser six (6) mois.

14


6.2.5 Dans la mesure où les associés n'ont pas proposé d'acquérir les parts,
la Société peut, dans les mêmes délais et avec le consentement de l'associé
cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social d'un montant correspondant à
la valeur nominale globale de la part (des parts) pertinente(s) et (ii) racheter et
annuler ces parts à un prix déterminé conformément à l'article 6.2.6 sous
réserve que le capital social n'est pas réduit en dessous du minimum requis par
la loi.

6.2.6 Pour les articles 6.2.4 et 6.2.5, le prix de transfert ou de rachat doit
correspondre à la juste valeur marchande des parts déterminée de bonne foi par
le conseil de gérance.

6.2.7 Si, après l'expiration de la période mentionnée ci-dessus, ni les
associés existants n'ont acquis ni la Société n'a racheté les parts, l'associé cédant
peut vendre librement ses parts au nouvel associé (aux nouveaux associés)
proposé(s) au prix et suivant les conditions de transfert qui ont été notifiées à
la Société.

6.2.8. Une cession de parts sociales n'est opposable à l'égard de la Société
ou des tiers, qu'après avoir été notiﬁée à la Société ou acceptée par celle-ci
conformément à l'article 1690 du Code Civil.

6.3 Un registre des associés est tenu au siège social et peut être consulté àla
demande de chaque associé.

6.4 Conformément à l’article 710-5 de la Loi de 1915, la Société peut
racheter ses propres parts sociales à condition que la Société ait des réserves
distribuables sufﬁsantes à cet effet ou que le rachat résulte de la réduction du
capital social de la Société ou conformément à la Loi.

III. Gestion — Représentation

ARTICLE 7. Nomination et révocation des gérants.

7.1 La Société est gérée par un gérant ou un conseil de gérance (le Conseil).
Les gérants sont nommés par une résolution des associés, qui ﬁxe la durée de
leur mandat.

Les gérants ne doivent pas nécessairement être associés.

7.2 Les gérants sont révocables à tout moment, avec ou sans raison, par une
décision des associés.

7.3 La gestion quotidienne de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la
Société en ce qui concerne cette gestion quotidienne peuvent être déléguées à
un ou plusieurs gérants, dirigeants ou autres agents, agissant individuellement
ou conjointement conformément à l'article 710-15 (4) de la Loi.

Leur nomination, révocation et pouvoirs seront déterminés par une
résolution du Conseil.

ARTICLE 8. Conseil de gérance.

8.1 Si plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils constituent le Conseil.

8.2 Pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

15


(i) Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi ou les Statuts à
ou aux associés sont de la compétence du Conseil, qui a tous les pouvoirs pour
effectuer et approuver tous les actes et opérations conformes à l'objet social.

(ii) Le Conseil peut déléguer la gestion journalière de la Société à tout gérant
ou à un tiers conformément à l’article 710-15 (4) de la Loi de 1915.

(iii) Des pouvoirs spéciaux et limités peuvent être délégués par le Conseil à
un ou plusieurs agents pour des tâches spéciﬁques.

8.3 Procédure

(i) Le Conseil se réunit sur convocation du Président (tel que déﬁni ci-
dessous) ou de 2 gérants au lieu indiqué dans l'avis de convocation, qui en
principe, est au Luxembourg.

(ii) Il est donné à tous les gérants une convocation écrite de toute
réunion du Conseil au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures à l'avance, sauf en cas
d'urgence, auquel cas la nature et les circonstances de cette urgence sont
mentionnées dans la convocation àla réunion.

(iii) Aucune convocation n'est requise si tous les membres du Conseil
sont présents ou représentés et si chacun déclare avoir parfaitement eu
connaissance de l'ordre du jour de la réunion. Un gérant peut également
renoncer à la convocation à une réunion, que ce soit avant ou après ladite
réunion. Des convocations écrites séparées ne sont pas exigées pour des
réunions se tenant dans des lieux et à des heures ﬁxées dans un calendrier
préalablement adopté par le Conseil.

(iv) Un gérant peut donner une procuration par écrit, par fax, par email,
ou par tout autre moyen de communication similaire à un autre gérant aﬁn de
le représenter à toute réunion du Conseil. Un gérant ne peut pas représenter
plus d'un de ses collègues.

(v) Le Conseil ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si une majorité
de ses membres sont présents ou représentés. Les décisions du Conseil sont
valablement adoptées àla majorité des voix des gérants présents ou représentés.
Les décisions du Conseil sont consignées dans des procès-verbaux signés par
le président de la réunion (le Président) ou, si aucun Président n'a été nommé,
par tous les gérants présents ou représentés.

(vi) Tout gérant peut participer à toute réunion du Conseil par
conférence téléphonique ou visio-conférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant à l'ensemble des personnes participant à la réunion
de s'identiﬁer, de s'entendre et de se parler. La participation par un de ces
moyens équivaut à une participation en personne à une réunion valablement
convoquée et tenue.

(vii) Des résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants (les
Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants) sont valables et engagent la Société
comme si elles avaient été adoptées lors d'une réunion du Conseil valablement
convoquée et tenue et portent la date de la dernière signature.

8.4 Conﬂit d'intérêts

16


(i) Procédure relative aux conﬂits d'intérêts

Dans le cas où un gérant de la Société a, directement ou indirectement, un
intérêt ﬁnancier contraire à l'intérêt de la Société dans toute opération de la
Société qui est soumise à l'approbation des gérants, ledit gérant doit porter à la
connaissance du Conseil l'intérêt contraire lors de la réunion du Conseil et faire
mentionner cette déclaration au procès-verbal de la réunion. Le gérant ne peut
pas prendre part aux délibérations portant sur cette opération, ne peut pas voter
les résolutions portant sur cette opération et n'est pas comptabilisé dans le
calcul du quorum. La transaction, et l'intérêt propre du Gérant doivent être
signalés lors de l'Assemblée Générale suivante.

(ii) Conﬂit d'intérêts du gérant unique

Tant que la Société a un gérant unique, dans l'éventualité où ce gérant unique
a un intérêt contraire à l'intérêt de la Société dans le cadre d'une opération où
la Société et le gérant unique seraient parties, ce conﬂit d'intérêts doit être
mentionné dans le procès-verbal ou dans les résolutions écrites du gérant
unique, le cas échéant, approuvant l'opération.

(iii) Exceptions concernant un conﬂit d'intérêts

Les dispositions de l'article 8.4(i) et (ii) ne s'appliquent pas aux résolutions
du Conseil ou du gérant unique relatives à des opérations courantes de la
Société et conclues à des conditions normales.

Tout gérant de la Société qui occupe des fonctions d'administrateur, membre
de la direction ou employé de toute société ou entreprise avec laquelle la
Société est ou sera engagée dans des relations d'affaires ou des contrats ne sera
pas considéré, du seul fait de ces relations avec ces autres sociétés ou
entreprises, comme ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société dans le cadre
du présent article 8.4.

(iv) Impact sur le quorum

Lorsque, en raison d'un conﬂit d'intérêts, le nombre de gérants requis en vue
de valider la délibération et de voter n'est pas atteint, le Conseil peut décider de
soumettre la décision sur ce point précis à l'Assemblée Générale.

8.5 Représentation

(i) La Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers en toutes circonstances
par les signatures conjointes de deux (2) gérants.

(ii) La Société est également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature
de toutes les personnes à qui des pouvoirs spéciaux ont été délégués.

9 Gérant unique.

9.1 Si la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, toute référence dans les
Statuts au Conseil ou aux gérants doit être considérée, le cas échéant, comme
une référence au gérant unique.

9.2 La Société est engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature du gérant
unique.

9.3 La Société est également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature de
toutes personnes à qui des pouvoirs spéciaux ont été délégués.

l7


10 Responsabilité des gérants.
Les gérants ne contractent, à raison de leur fonction, aucune obligation
personnelle concernant les engagements régulièrement pris par eux au nom de

la Société, dans la mesure où ces engagements sont conformes aux Statuts et à
la Loi.

IV. Associé(s)
11 Assemblées générales des associés et résolutions circulaires des
associés.

11.1 Pouvoirs et droits de vote

(i) Les résolutions des associés sont adoptées en Assemblée Générale
ou par voie de résolutions circulaires (les Résolutions Circulaires des
Associés).

(ii) Dans le cas où les résolutions sont adoptées par Résolutions
Circulaires des Associés, le texte des résolutions est communiqué à tous les
associés, conformément aux Statuts. Les Résolutions Circulaires des Associés
signées par tous les associés sont valables et engagent la Société comme si elles
avaient été adoptées lors d'une Assemblée Générale valablement convoquée et
tenue et portent la date de la dernière signature.

(iii) Chaque part sociale donne droit à un (1) vote.

11.2 Convocations, quorum, majorité et procédure de vote

(i) Les associés sont convoqués aux Assemblées Générales ou
consultés par écrit à l'initiative de tout gérant ou des associés représentant plus
de la moitié du capital social.

(ii) Une convocation écrite à toute Assemblée Générale est donnée à
tous les associés au moins huit (8) jours avant la date de l'assemblée, sauf en
cas d'urgence, auquel cas, la nature et les circonstances de cette urgence sont
précisées dans la convocation à ladite assemblée.

(iii) Les Assemblées Générales seront tenues au lieu et heure précisés
dans les convocations.

(iv) Si tous les associés sont présents ou représentés et se considèrent
comme ayant été valablement convoqués et informés de l'ordre du jour de
l'assemblée, l'Assemblée Générale peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

(v) Un associé peut donner une procuration écrite à toute autre
personne, associé ou non, aﬁn de le représenter à toute Assemblée Générale.

(vi) Les associés prenant part à une réunion par conférence
téléphonique, par vidéoconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
permettant leur identiﬁcation et permettant à toutes les personnes prenant part
à la réunion de s'entendre les unes les autres sur une base continue, et
permettant une participation effective de toutes ces personnes àla réunion, sont
réputés présents pour le calcul des quorums et votes, sous réserve que ces
moyens de communication soient mis à disposition sur le lieu de la réunion.
Dans ce cas, au moins un (1) associé ou son mandataire doit être physiquement

18


présent au siège social de la Société et la réunion sera considérée comme tenue
au siège social de la Société.

(vii) Le Conseil peut déterminer d'autres conditions qui doivent être
remplies par les associés pour prendre part à toute Assemblée Générale.

(viii) Une liste de présence doit être tenue à toutes les assemblées
générales des associés.

(ix) Les décisions à adopter par l'Assemblée Générale ou par
Résolutions Circulaires des Associés sont adoptées par des associés détenant
plus de la moitié du capital social. Si cette majorité n'est pas atteinte à la
première Assemblée Générale ou première consultation écrite, les associés sont
convoqués par lettre recommandée à une seconde Assemblée Générale ou
consultés une seconde fois, et les décisions sont adoptées par l'Assemblée
Générale ou par Résolutions Circulaires des Associés à la majorité des voix
exprimées, sans tenir compte de la proportion du capital social représenté.

(X) Les Statuts sont modiﬁés avec le consentement des associés
détenant au moins les trois-quarts du capital social.
12 Associé unique.

12.1 Dans le cas où le nombre des associés est réduit à un (1), l'associé
unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi à l'Assemblée Générale.

12.2 Toute référence dans les Statuts aux associés et à l'Assemblée Générale
ou aux Résolutions Circulaires des Associés doit être considérée, le cas
échéant, comme une référence à l'associé unique ou aux résolutions de ce
dernier.

12.3 Les résolutions de l'associé unique sont consignées dans des procès-
verbaux ou rédigées par écrit.

13 Droit de poser des questions

Un ou plusieurs associés détenant ensemble au moins dix pour cent (10%)
du capital ou des droits de vote peut envoyer ses questions par écrit au Conseil,
pour autant qu'elles concernent des opérations liées à la gestion de la Société,
ou des sociétés contrôlées par la Société ; par rapport à ce dernier point, ces
questions doivent être évaluées en tenant compte de l'intérêt social des entités
concernées.

En l'absence d'une réponse dans un délai d'un (1) mois, les associés
concernés peuvent demander au Président du Tribunal d'Arrondissement de
Luxembourg siégeant en matière commerciale et en référé de nommer un ou
plusieurs experts aﬁn d'élaborer un rapport sur ces opérations liées.

V. Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéﬁces — Contrôle

14 Exercice social et approbation des comptes annuels.

14.1 L'exercice social commence le premier (1) janvier et se termine le
trente-et-un (31) décembre de chaque année.

14.2 Le Conseil dresse le bilan et le compte de profits et pertes, ainsi qu'un
inventaire indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs de la Société, avec une

19


annexe résumant les engagements de la Société ainsi que les dettes du ou des
gérants et des associés envers la Société.

14.3 Tout associé peut prendre connaissance de l'inventaire et du bilan au
siège social.

14.4 Le bilan et le compte de proﬁts et pertes sont approuvés par
l'Assemblée Générale annuelle ou par Résolutions Circulaires des Associés
dans les six (6) mois de la clôture de l'exercice social.

15 Réviseurs d'entreprises.

15.1 Les opérations de la Société sont contrôlées par un ou plusieurs
réviseurs d'entreprises agréés, dans les cas prévus par la loi.

15.2 Les associés nomment les réviseurs d'entreprises agréés, s'il y a lieu, et
déterminent leur nombre, leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat, lequel
ne peut dépasser six (6) ans. Les réviseurs d'entreprises agréés peuvent être
renommés.

16 Affectation des bénéﬁces.

16.1 Cinq pour cent (5 %) des bénéﬁces nets annuels de la Société sont
affectés à la réserve requise par la Loi. Cette affectation cesse d'être exigée
quand la réserve légale atteint dix pour cent (10 %) du capital social, et elle
deviendra à nouveau obligatoire si la réserve légale descend en dessous du seuil
de dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

16.2 Les associés décident de l'affectation du solde des bénéﬁces nets
annuels. Ils peuvent allouer ce bénéﬁce au paiement d'un dividende, l'affecter
à un compte de réserve ou le reporter en respectant les dispositions légales
applicables.

16.3 Conformément à l'article 710-25 de la Loi, des dividendes intérimaires
peuvent être distribués à tout moment, aux conditions cumulatives suivantes :

(i) des comptes intérimaires sont établis par le Conseil (l’Etat
Comptable Intérimaire) qui devra faire l'objet d'un contrôle par un auditeur
interne ou externe dans la mesure où il aura été nommé;

(ii) l'Etat Comptable Intérimaire montre que des bénéﬁces et autres
réserves (en ce compris, et sans restriction, la prime d'émission et le << capital
surplus >>) sufﬁsants sont disponibles pour une distribution; étant entendu que
le montant à distribuer ne peut excéder le montant des bénéﬁces réalisés depuis
la ﬁn du dernier exercice social dont les comptes annuels ont été approuvés, le
cas échéant, augmenté des bénéﬁces reportés et des réserves distribuables, et
réduit par les pertes reportées et les sommes à affecter àla réserve légale.

(iii) la décision de distribuer des dividendes intérimaires doit être
adoptée par le Conseil dans les deux (2) mois suivant la date de l'Etat
Comptable Intérimaire;

(iv) les droits des créanciers de la Société ne sont pas menacés, compte
tenu des actifs de la Société;
(v) si les dividendes intérimaires qui ont été distribués excèdent les

bénéﬁces distribuables à la ﬁn de l'exercice social, l'excès tel que reconnu lors

20


de l'Assemblée Générale annuelle doit, sauf s'il en est décidé autrement par le
Conseil lors de la déclaration de dividendes, être considéré comme étant une
avance sur le paiement des dividendes futurs ; et

(vi) dans le respect des pouvoirs appartenant au Conseil tel que disposé
aux points (i) à (v) ci-dessus, l'Assemblée Générale peut aussi, à l'occasion,
distribuer des dividendes sous réserve de respecter les mêmes conditions
(notamment l'établissement d'un Etat Comptable Intérimaire).

VI. Dissolution — Liquidation

17.1 Sans porter préjudice à tout autre moyen de dissolution disposé dans la
Loi, la Société peut être dissoute à tout moment, par une résolution des associés
adoptée par la majorité (en nombre) des associés détenant au moins les trois-
quarts du capital social. Les associés nomment un ou plusieurs liquidateurs, qui
n'ont pas besoin d'être associés, pour réaliser la liquidation et déterminent leur
nombre, pouvoirs et rémunération. Sauf décision contraire des associés, les
liquidateurs sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour réaliser les actifs
et payer les dettes de la Société.

17.2 Le boni de liquidation après la réalisation des actifs et le paiement des
dettes est distribué aux associés proportionnellement aux parts sociales
détenues par chacun d'entre eux.

VII. Dispositions générales

18.1 Les convocations et communications, respectivement les renonciations
à celles-ci, sont faites, et les Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants ainsi que les
Résolutions Circulaires des Associés sont établies par écrit, téléfax, e-mail ou
tout autre moyen de communication électronique.

18.2 Les signatures peuvent être sous forme manuscrite ou électronique, à
condition de satisfaire aux conditions légales pour être assimilées à des
signatures manuscrites. Les signatures des Résolutions Circulaires des Gérants,
des résolutions adoptées par le Conseil par conférence téléphonique ou
visioconférence et des Résolutions Circulaires des Associés, selon le cas, sont
apposées sur un original ou sur plusieurs copies du même document, qui
ensemble, constituent un seul et unique document.

18.3 Pour tous les points non expressément prévus par les Statuts, il est fait
référence àla loi et, sous réserve des dispositions légales d'ordre public, à tout
accord présent ou futur conclu entre les associés.

Souscription et libération

L’Associé Unique, représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare souscrire
toutes les 12.000 (douze mille) parts sociales de la Société ayant une valeur
nominale de 1 EUR (un Euro) chacune, et les libérer entièrement au moyen d’un
apport en espèces de 12.000 EUR (douze mille Euros), qui représente la totalité
du prix de souscription (le << Prix de Souscription >>) des 12.000 (douze mille)

parts sociales de la Société ayant chacune une valeur nominale de 1 EUR (un
Euro).

21


Preuve du paiement du Prix de Souscription a été donnée au notaire
instrumentaire par la production d’un certiﬁcat de blocage conﬁrmant la
disponibilité du montant du Prix de Souscription sur le compte bancaire de la
Société.

Dispositions Transitoires
Le premier exercice social de la Société commence à la date des présentes

et ﬁnit le 31 décembre 2018.
Évaluation des frais
Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en

raison de sa constitution, s’élève à approximativement mille deux cents euros
(EUR 1.200).
Résolutions de l’Associé Unigue

Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, l’Associé Unique,
représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, représentant la totalité du capital de la
Société adopte les résolutions suivantes :

a) Décision de nommer les gérants suivants :

- M. Scott CICCON E, né le 2 Novembre 1958 à New Jersey (Etats-Unis),
gérant résidant professionnellement au Och-Ziff Capital Management Group
LLC — 9 West 57th Street, 39th Floor, New York, United States 10019, Etats
Unis d’Amérique.

- M. Szymon Stanislaw DEC, né le 3 Juillet 1978 à Lodz (Pologne), gérant,
résidant professionnellement au 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

- M. Eric GONNELLA, né le 22 Février 1983 à Vannes (France), gérant,
résidant professionnellement au 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ; et

- M. Hamza MOUMAYZ, né le 29 Mai 1985 à Casablanca (Maroc), gérant,
résidant professionnellement au 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Les gérants mentionnés ci-dessus sont nommés en tant que gérant de la
Société avec effet àla date indiquée ci-dessus et pour une période indéterminée

c) Le siège social de la Société est établi au 26b, boulevard Royal, L-2449,
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

d) Chaque gérant de la Société est autorisé et habilité, individuellement à (i)
créer le registre de parts sociales de la Société et (ii) inscrire l’émission des
parts sociales par la Société à l’Associé Unique après la constitution de la
Société.

DECLARATION DE L’ASSOCIÉ UNIS QUE

L’Associé Unique déclare accepter d’être convoqué par courriels et

s’engage à fournir àla Société une adresse électronique dès que possible.

22


Si l’Associé ne communique pas d’adresse électronique àla Société, l’avis
de convocation lui sera envoyé par lettre missive, courrier recommandé ou
coursier.

Le notaire soussigné, qui a personnellement la connaissance de la langue
anglaise, déclare que le mandataire de l’Associé Unique l’a requis de
documenter le présent acte en langue anglaise, suivi d’une version française,
et, qu’en cas de divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte français, le texte
anglais fera foi.

Dont acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu’en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire de l’Associé

 

Unique, connu du notaire par nom, prénom usuel, état et demeure, ledit

mandataire a signé avec le notaire, le présent acte.
Signes : D. BARBOSA, K.REUTER

Enregistré à Luxembourg, Actes Civils 2, le O7 décembre 2018
Relation : 2LAC/2018/26006

Reçu : soixante-quinze euros

75.- €

Le receveur : A. MULLER

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

23


