Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230562
Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.21

Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Pegasus FinCo S.à r.l.

Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633 Senningèrbèrg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE Me E. DELOSCH
Du 19 décembre 2018 No 15.888

 

In the year two thousand eighteen, on the nineteenth day of December,

Before us, Maitre Edouard DELOSCH, notary residing in Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

THERE APPEARED:

Global Transport Income Fund Master Partnership SCSp, a
partnership incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg,
having its registered office at 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633 Senningèrbèrg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade
and Companies' Register under the number B 207989, represented by its
general partner, GTIF (GP) S.à r.l. a company incorporated and existing
under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 6D, route de
Trèves, L-2633 Senningèrbèrg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies' Register under the
number B 205871 (the Subscriber),

represented by Tessy BODEVING, employee, professionally residing in
Luxembourg, by virtue of a power of attorney given under private seal.

Said power of attorney, after having been signed ne varietur by the attorney
in fact of the Subscriber and the undersigned notary, shall remain attached
to and shall be filed together with this notarial deed with the registration
authorities.

The Subscriber, represented as stated above, has requested the
undersigned notary to enact the following articles of incorporation of a
company, which it declares to establish as follows:

“Chapter I. - Form - Name - Registered office - Object - Duration

Art. 1. Form, Corporate Name. Hereby is formed under the name of
“Pegasus FinCo S.à r.l.” (hereinafter referred to as the Company), a
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which will
be governed by the laws pertaining to such an entity, and in particular by
the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended
(hereinafter the Law), as well as by the present articles of association
(hereinafter the Articles).


Art. 2. Registered Office. The registered office of the Company is
established in the municipality of Niederanven (Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg).

The statutory registered office of the Company may be transferred within
such municipality or to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
by a resolution of the manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the
board of managers, who will then be authorised to amend the Articles to
reflect the completion of such transfer.

It may be transferred to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
by means of a resolution of an extraordinary general meeting of its
unitholders deliberating in the manner provided for in relation to
amendments to these Articles.

Should a situation arise or be deemed imminent, whether military, political,
economic or social, which would prevent the normal activity at the
registered office of the Company, the registered office of the Company may
be temporarily transferred abroad until such time as the situation becomes
normalised; such temporary measures will not have any effect on this
Company's nationality, which, notwithstanding this temporary transfer of
the registered office, will remain a Luxembourg Company.

The decision as to the transfer abroad of the registered office will be made
by the manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the board of managers.

The Company may have offices and branches, both in Luxembourg and
abroad.

Art. 3. Corporate Object. The Company's object is to acquire and hold
interests, in any form whatsoever, in other Luxembourg or foreign entities,
by way of, among others, the subscription or the acquisition of any
securities and rights through participation, contribution, undenNriting
purchase or option, negotiation or in any other way, or of ﬁnancial debt
instruments in any form whatsoever, and to administrate, develop and
manage such holding of interests.

The Company may also enter into the following transactions:
- to borrow money in any form or to obtain any form of credit facility;

- to advance, lend or deposit money or give credit to its subsidiaries or
companies in which it has a direct or indirect interest, even where not
substantial, or any company being a direct or indirect unitholder of the
Company or any company belonging to the same group as the Company
(hereafter referred to as the Connected Companies and each as a
Connected Company);

- for the purposes of this article, a company shall be deemed to be part of
the same “group” as the Company if such other company directly or
indirectly owns, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Company, in each case whether beneficially or as trustee,
guardian or other fiduciary. A company shall be deemed to control another


company if the controlling company possesses, directly or indirectly, all or
substantially all of the unit capital of the company or has the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management or policies of the other company,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise; and

- to enter into any guarantee, pledge or any other form of security, whether
by personal covenant or by mortgage or charge upon all or part of the
undertaking, property assets (present or future) or by all or any of such
methods, for the performance of any contracts or obligations of the
Company, or any of the Connected Companies and to render any
assistance to the Connected Companies, within the limits of Luxembourg
law;

it being understood that the Company will not enter into any transaction,
which would cause it to be engaged in any activity that would be
considered as a banking activity.

The Company can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial
investments or operation and in general, all transactions which are
necessary to fulfil its object as well as all operations connected directly or
indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its object in all areas
described above, however without taking advantage of the Law of July 31,
1929, on holding companies as amended from time to time.

Art. 4. Duration. The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period.
Chapter II. — Capital and Units

Art. 5. Corporate Capital. The corporate capital is set at twenty thousand
US Dollars (USD 20,000), represented by 20,000 (twenty thousand) units
having a nominal value of USD 1 (one US Dollar) each.

Art. 6. Capital Amendment. The subscribed capital of the Company may
be changed at any time by a decision of the single unitholder (where there
is only one unitholder) or by a decision of the unitholders’ meeting, in
accordance with article 16 of these Articles, provided that any reduction in
the issued capital of the Company shall be permitted only in accordance
with the procedure of article 7.

Art. 7. Unit redemptions. ln accordance with article 710-5 of the Law, the
Company shall have power to acquire units in its own capital provided that
the Company has sufficient distributable reserves and funds to that effect
(provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that unit premium and capital surplus
amounts shall be considered as distributable reserves for unit redemption
purposes).

The acquisition and disposal by the Company of units held by it in its own
unit capital may only take place with the prior approval of the Sole
Unitholder or the General Meeting. The quorum and majority requirements
applicable for amendments to the articles of association shall apply in
accordance with article 16 of these Articles.


Any units redeemed in accordance with this article may be cancelled
(subject to a decision of the General Meeting or the board of managers
with subsequent confirmation by a notarial deed) or held for an unlimited
duration as treasury units by the Company without any voting rights and,
unless otherwise decided, as the case may be, by the board of managers
or the General Meeting without any right to any distributions whatsoever
(for the avoidance of doubt, the distributions normally due to such treasury
units shall in this event be allocated pro rata among the remaining units).

Such treasury units may be distributed at any time to existing unitholders
or third parties (subject to compliance with article 9) by a decision of the
board of managers.

Art. 8. Distribution Right of Units. Unless otherwise provided in the Law
or in the Articles, each unit entitles the holder thereof to a fraction of the
Company’s assets and profits of the Company in direct proportion to the
number of units in existence.

Art. 9. Units lndivisibility and transfer of Units. Towards the Company,
the Company’s units are indivisible, since only one owner is admitted per
unit. Joint co-owners have to appoint a sole person as their representative
towards the Company.

In case of a single unitholder, the Company’s units held by the single
unitholder are freely transferable.

In the case of plurality of unitholders, the units held by each unitholder may
be transferred by application of the requirements of article 710-12 of the
Law.

Each unitholder agrees that it will not pledge or grant a security interest in
any of units without the prior consent of the majority of the unitholders
owning at least three-quarters of the Company’s unit capital.

Chapter III. - Management.

Art. 10. Management. The Company is managed by one or more
managers. lf several managers have been appointed, they will constitute
a board of managers. The manager(s) need not to be unitholders. The
managers may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a
resolution of unitholders holding a majority of votes.

The majority of the managers will be non-resident in the United Kingdom
(the UK) for UK tax purposes and shall not be based full time in the UK
(hereinafter referred to as Non-resident in the UK). The majority of the
managers will be non-resident in the United States (the US) for US tax
purposes and shall not be based full time in the US (hereinafter referred to
as Non-resident in the US).

The board of managers may choose from among its Non-resident in the
UK members a chairman, and may choose from among its members one
or more vice-chairmen. It may also choose a secretary, who need not be a
manager but must be Non-resident in the UK, who shall be responsible for


keeping the minutes of the meetings of the board of managers and of the
unitholders. The board of managers shall meet upon call by the chairman,
or any one manager, at the place indicated in, the notice of meeting.

The chairman shall preside at all meetings of unitholders and the board of
managers, but in his absence the unitholders or the board of managers
may appoint another manager, and in respect of unitholders’ meetings any
other person, as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority present at
any such meeting.

Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers shall be given to
all managers the day before such meeting, except in circumstances of
emergency, in which case the nature of such circumstances shall be set
forth in the notice of meeting. This notice may be waived by the consent in
writing or by email, cable or telegram, telex or telefax of each manager.
Separate notice shall not be required for individual meetings held at times
and places prescribed in a schedule previously adopted by resolution of
the board of managers.

Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing in writing or by telegram, telefax, e-mail transmission or any
other similar means of communication equipment another manager, as his
proxy.

Any manager who is not physically present at the location of a meeting of
the board of managers, and who is not present in the UK, may participate
in such a meeting by conference call or similar means of communication
equipment, whereby all persons participating in the meeting can hear each
other, and participating in a meeting by such means shall constitute
presence in person at such meeting.

The board of managers can deliberate or act validly only if (i) at least two
managers are physically present, (ii) at least a majority of the managers is
present or represented, (iii) at least the majority of the managers present
or represented are Non-resident in the UK and (iv) at least the majority of
the managers present or represented are Non-Resident in the US at any
meeting of the board of managers. Decisions shall be taken by a majority
of the votes of the managers present or represented at any meeting.

Meetings of the board of managers must be held at the registered office of
the Company, or at such other place in Luxembourg as may be specified
in the notice of meeting. In the event that the board of managers
determines that extraordinary political or military events have occurred or
are imminent which would interfere with the normal activities of the
Company at its registered office or with the ease of communication
between such office and persons abroad, meetings of the board of
managers may be held temporarily abroad until the complete cessation of
these abnormal circumstances. However, the meeting of the board of
managers shall never be held in the UK.


The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be signed by
the chairman or, in his absence, by the chairman pro tempore who
presided at such meeting.

Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in judicial
proceedings or otherwise shall be signed by the chairman, or by the
secretary, or by two managers.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, resolutions in writing approved and signed
by all managers shall have the same effect as resolutions voted at the
board of managers’ meetings; each manager shall approve such resolution
in writing, by telegram, telex, telefax or any other similar means of
communication. No such resolution will, however, be effective if signed by
a manager present in the UK or in the US or any otherjurisdiction which
may be speciﬁed from time to time by a resolution of the board of
managers.

Art. 11. Powers of the Manager. ln dealing with third parties, the
manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the board of managers will
have all powers to act in the name of the Company in all circumstances
and to carry out and approve all acts and operations consistent with the
Company’s objects and provided the terms of this article shall have been
complied with.

All powers not expressly reserved by law or the present Articles to the
general meeting of unitholders fall within the competence of the manager,
or in case of plurality of managers, of the board of managers. The
manager, or in case of plurality of managers the board of managers, may,
in particular and without limitation, enter into investment adviser
agreements and administration agreements.

In case of plurality of managers, the board of managers may appoint from
among its members one or several general managers who shall be in
charge of the daily management of the Company and who shall have the
powers to bind the Company by their individual signature.

Art. 12. Representation of the Company. The Company shall be bound
by the sole signature of its single manager, and, in case of plurality of
managers, by the joint signature of any two members of the board of
managers or by the individual signature of any person to whom such
signatory authority has been delegated by the board of managers.

Art. 13. Sub-Delegation and Agent of the Manager. The manager, or in
case of plurality of managers any manager, may sub-delegate his powers
for specific tasks to one or more managers provided that in no event shall
such powers be delegated to a person who is a resident in the UK or in the
US or is based full time in the US or UK.

The manager, or in case of plurality of managers any members of the board
of managers, will determine any such sub-delegate’s responsibilities and
remuneration (if any), the duration of the period of representation and any
other relevant conditions of his agency.


Art. 14. Remuneration of the Manager. The powers and remunerations
of any managers appointed at a later date in addition to or in the place of
the first managers will be determined in the act of nomination.

Art. 15. Liabilities of the Manager. The manager, or in case of plurality
of managers, the members of the board of managers assume, by reason
of their position, no personal liability in relation to any commitment validly
made by them in the name of the Company.

Chapter IV. - General meeting of unitholders.

Art. 16. Powers of the Sole Unitholder I General Meeting of
Unitholders. The single unitholder assumes all powers conferred to the
general unitholders’ meeting.

In case of a plurality of unitholders, each unitholder may take part in
collective decisions irrespective of the number of units which he owns.
Each unitholder has voting rights commensurate with his unitholding.

A unitholder may act at any general meeting of unitholders by appointing
(or, if the unitholder is a legal entity, its legal representative(s)) in writing or
by telefax, cable, telegram, telex, e-mail as his proxy another person who
need not be a unitholder himself.

Without prejudice to article 710-22 of the Law, collective decisions are only
validly taken insofar as they are adopted by unitholders owning more than
fifty per cent of the unit capital. However, resolutions to alter the Articles
may only be adopted by the majority of the unitholders owning at least
three-quarters of the Company’s unit capital, subject to the provisions of
the Law.

Art. 17. General Meetings. The manager, or in case of plurality of
managers the board of managers, may convene other general meetings of
the unitholders.

Such meetings must be convened if unitholders representing more than
fifty per cent of the Company’s capital so require.

Other meetings of unitholders may be held at such place and time as may
be specified in the respective notices of meeting. However, other meetings
of the unitholders shall never be held in the UK.

Chapter V. - Business year - Balance sheet.

Art. 18. Financial Year. The Company’s financial year starts on the 1stday
of January and ends on the 31st day of December of each year.

At the end of each financial year, the Company’s accounts are established
and the manager, or in case of plurality of managers, the board of
managers prepares an inventory including an indication of the value of the
Company’s assets and liabilities.

As far as required by Luxembourg laws and regulations, the operations of
the Company and its financial situation as well as its books shall be


supervised by one or more independent auditor(s) qualifying as
“réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)”.

Each unitholder shall have the right to inspect the books and records of the
Company, the above inventory and balance sheet at the Company’s
registered office.

Art. 19. Allocation and Distribution of the Profits. From the annual net
profits of the Company, as determined in accordance with applicable laws
and regulations, five per cent (5%) shall be allocated to the reserve
required by law. This allocation shall cease to be required as soon as such
legal reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the share capital of the
Company, but shall again be compulsory if the legal reserve falls below ten
per cent (10%) of the share capital of the Company (the Legal Reserve).

The remaining profit is allocated pursuant to a resolution of the General
Meeting upon proposal by the board of managers.

In accordance with article 710-25 of the Law and subject to compliance
with the foregoing provisions, the sole manager or the board of managers,
as the case may be, may decide to pay interim dividends under the
following conditions:

(i) an interim accounting situation (état comptable
intérimaire) (the Interim Accounting Statement)
is drawn up by the sole manager or the board of
managers, as the case may be;

(ii) the Interim Accounting Statement shows that
sufficient profits and other reserves, including, for
the avoidance of doubt, unit premium and capital
surplus, are available for distribution, it being
understood that the amount to be distributed may
not exceed profits made since the end of the last
financial year for which the annual accounts have
been approved, increased by carried forward
profits and distributable reserves but decreased
by carried forward losses and sums to be
allocated to the legal reserve;

(iii) the decision to pay interim dividends is taken by
the sole manager or by the board of managers, as
the case may be, within two (2) months from the
date of the Interim Accounting Statement;

(iv) the rights of the creditors of the Company are not
threatened, taking into account the assets of the
Company;

(v) where the aggregate amount of the interim
dividends paid exceed the amount of the
distributable profits at the end of the financial year,


the amount that is in excess, as acknowledged at
the annual general meeting of unitholders will,
unless otherwise decided by the board of
managers at the time of the dividend declaration,
be deemed an advance for future dividends; and

(vi) where an internal or external auditor has been
appointed, such auditor will review the Interim
Accounting Statement to ensure that the
conditions foreseen under (i) through to (v) of
article 19 have been fully satisfied.

Without prejudice to the possibility for the board of managers to make
interim dividend distributions as foreseen in this article, the general
meeting of unitholders may also decide to proceed with the distribution of
interim dividends from time to time, subject to complying with the same
conditions (including the review of an Interim Accounting Statement), than
the ones foreseen in the present article 19.

Chapter VI. - Dissolution - Liquidation.

Art. 20. Causes of Dissolution. The Company shall not be dissolved by
reason of the death, suspension of civil rights, insolvency or bankruptcy of
the single unitholder or of one of the unitholders.

Art. 21. Liquidation. At the time of winding up of the Company the
liquidation will be carried out by one or several liquidators, unitholders or
not, appointed by the unitholders who shall determine their powers and
remuneration.

A sole unitholder can decide to dissolve the Company and to proceed to
its liquidation assuming personally the payment of all its assets and
liabilities, known or unknown of the Company.

Chapter VII. - Applicable law.

Art. 22. Reference is made to the provisions of the Law for all matters for
which no specific provision is made in these Articles.”

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
The first accounting year begins today and ends on 31st December 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION

The Articles having thus been established, the Subscriber, represented as
stated above, hereby declares that it subscribes in cash to twenty thousand
(20,000) units, having a nominal value of USD 1 (one US Dollar) each,
representing the total unit capital of the Company, and for an aggregate
subscription price of twenty thousand US Dollars (USD 20,000).

The subscription price of the units has been fully paid up by the Subscriber
by way of a contribution in cash in an aggregate amount of twenty thousand
US Dollars (USD 20,000), so that the amount of twenty thousand US
Dollars (USD 20,000), paid by the Subscriber is from now on at the free


disposal of the Company, evidence thereof having been given to the
undersigned notary and the notary expressly bears witness to it.

The contribution in cash is allocated entirely to the unit capital of the
Company.

STATEMENT — COSTS

The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form whatsoever,
which shall be borne by the Company as a result of the present deed, are

estimated to be approximately one thousand one hundred Euro (EUR
1,100.-).

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE UNITHOLDER

The Subscriber, represented as stated above, representing the whole of
the share capital, passed the following resolutions:

1. the number of managers is set at three (3);

2. the following persons are appointed as managers for an unlimited
period of time:

- Dylan Davies, born on 16 November 1966, in Swansea,
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, with
professional address at 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

- Stephane Lachance, born on 13 August 1970, in St-
Hyacinthe, Canada, with professional address at 6D, route de
Trèves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Paul Brogan, born on 21 June 1981 in Dublin, Ireland, with
professional address at 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

3. the address of the registered office of the Company is at 6D, route
de Trèves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand-Duchy de Luxembourg

The undersigned notary, who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that at the request of the attorney(s) in fact of the Subscriber, the
present deed is worded in English followed by a French version. At the
request of the same attorney(s) in fact of the Subscriber and in case of
divergences between the English and French versions, the English version
will prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the
day named at the beginning of this notarial deed.

This notarial deed, having been read to the attorney(s) in fact of the
Subscriber, which is known to the notary by his/her surname, name, civil
status and residence, the said attorney(s) in fact of the Subscriber signed
the present deed together with the notary.

Suit la version française du texte gui precede:

10


L'an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvième jour du mois de décembre;

Par-devant Maître Edouard DELOSCH, notaire de résidence à
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soussignée;

A COMPARU:

Global Transport Income Fund Master Partnership SCSp, une société
en commandite spéciale, régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, établie et ayant son siège social a 6D, route de Trèves, L-
2633 Senningerberg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et immatriculée au
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg, section B, sous
Ie numéro 207989, représenté par son associé commandité, GTIF (GP)
S.à r.|. une société à responsabilité limitée, régie par les lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, établie et ayant son siège social a 6D, route de
Trèves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et
immatriculée au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg,
section B, sous Ie numéro 205871 (I’Associé Unique),

représentée par Tessy BODEVING, clerc de notaire, demeurant
professionnellement à Luxembourg, en vertu d'une procuration donnée
sous seing privé.

Ladite procuration, après avoir été signée ne varietur par le mandataire de
l’Associé Unique et par le notaire, restera annexée au présent acte pour
être soumise avec celui-ci aux formalités de l'enregistrement.

L’Associé Unique, dûment représenté comme mentionné ci-dessus,
demande au notaire d'acter les statuts d’une société, qui seront établis
comme suit :

“Chapitre ler. - Nom - Durée - Objet - Siège Social

Art. 1er. Nom et Durée. Il existe une société à responsabilité limitée de
droit luxembourgeois sous le nom de “Pegasus FinCo S.à r.l.” (ci-
après la Société) qui sera régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg et plus particulièrement parla loi du 10 août 1915 concernant
les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (ci-après la Loi) ainsi que
par les présents statuts (ci-après les Statuts).

Art. 2. Siège Social. Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la
commune de Niederanven (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg).

Le siège social de la Société peut être transféré à l’intérieur de la commune
ou en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par une
résolution du gérant et, en cas de pluralité de gérants, par le conseil de
gérance, qui sera alors autorisé à modifier les Statuts pour refléter un tel
transfert.

Il peut être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
par une délibération de l’assemblée générale extraordinaire des associés
délibérant comme en matière de modification des Statuts.

11


Au cas où des événements extraordinaires d'ordre militaire, politique,
économique ou social de nature à compromettre l’activité normale au siège
social de la Société se seraient produits ou seraient imminents, le siège
social pourra être transféré provisoirement à l’étranger jusqu'a cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales; cette mesure provisoire n'aura
toutefois aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant
ce transfert provisoire du siège, restera luxembourgeoise.

La décision de transférer le siège social a l’étranger sera prise par le
gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants le conseil de gérance.

La Société peut avoir des bureaux et des succursales tant au Luxembourg
qu’à l’étranger.

Art. 3. Objet. La Société a pour objet l’acquisition et la détention de tous
intérêts, sous quelle que forme que ce soit, dans toutes autres entités,
luxembourgeoises ou étrangères, par voie notamment de souscription ou
d’acquisition de titres et de droit au moyen de participation, d'apport, de
prise ferme ou d'option d'achat, de négociation ou de toute autre manière,
ou par voie d’instruments financiers de dettes, sous quelle que forme que
ce soit, ainsi que leur administration, leur développement et leur gestion.

La Société pourra également, être engagée dans les opérations suivantes:

- conclure des emprunts sous toute forme ou obtenir toutes formes de
moyens de crédit;

- avancer, prêter, déposer des fonds ou donner crédit a ses filiales ou aux
sociétés dans lesquelles elle a un intérêt direct ou indirect, même non
substantiel, ou a toutes sociétés, qui seraient associés, directs ou indirects,
de la Société, ou encore a toutes sociétés appartenant au même groupe
que la Société (ci-après les Sociétés Apparentées et chacune une
Société Apparentée);

- pour cet article, une société sera considérée comme appartenant
au même “groupe” que la Société si cette autre société, directement ou
indirectement, détient, contrôle, est contrôlée par ou est sous contrôle
commun avec, la Société, que ce soit comme détenteur ultime, trustee ou
gardien ou autre ﬁduciaire. Une société sera considérée comme contrôlant
une autre société si elle détient, directement ou indirectement, tout ou une
partie substantielle de l’ensemble du capital social de la société ou dispose
du pouvoir de diriger ou d’orienter la gestion et les politiques de l’autre
société, que ce soit aux moyens de la détention de titres permettant
d’exercer un droit de vote, par contrat ou autrement;

- accorder toutes garanties, fournir tous gages ou toutes autres formes de
sûreté, que ce soit par engagement personnel ou par hypothèque ou
charge sur tout ou partie des avoirs (présents ou futurs), ou par l’une et
l’autre de ces méthodes, pour l’exécution de tous contrats ou obligations
de la Société ou de Sociétés Apparentées et d’apporter toute assistance
aux Sociétés Apparentées, dans les limites autorisées par la loi
luxembourgeoise;

12


il est entendu que la Société n’effectuera aucune opération qui pourrait
l’amener à être engagées dans des activités pouvant être considérées
comme une activité bancaire.

La Société peut réaliser toutes opérations juridiques, commerciales,
techniques ou financières et en général toutes opérations nécessaires ou
utiles à l’accomplissement de son objet social ou en relation directe ou
indirecte avec tous les secteurs précédemment décrits, de manière à
faciliter l’accomplissement de celui-ci, sans vouloir bénéficier du régime
fiscal particulier organisé par la loi du 31 juillet 1929 sur les sociétés de
participation financières telle que modifiée.

Art. 4. Durée. La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.
Chapitre II. - Capital, Parts

Art. 5. Capital social. Le capital social souscrit est ﬁxé à vingt mille US
dollars (USD 20.000,-), représenté par vingt mille (20.000) parts
sociales d’une valeur nominale d’un US dollar (USD 1,-) chacune.

Art. 6. Modifications du Capital. Le capital social peut être modifié atout
moment par une résolution de l’Associé Unique (lorsqu’il n’y en a qu’un
seul) ou par une résolution de l’Assemblée Générale, conformément aux
stipulations de l’article 16 des Statuts, a condition que toute réduction du
capital de la Société soit permise seulement selon la procédure prévue à
l’article 7 des présentes.

Art. 7. Rachat de parts sociales. Conformément à l’article 710-5 de la
Loi, la Société pourra acquérir ses propres parts sociales pourvu que la
Société dispose à cette fin de réserves distribuables ou des fonds
suffisants (a condition que, pour éviter toute confusion, les montants de la
prime d’émission et du capital surplus soient considérés comme des
réserves distribuables aux fins du rachat de parts sociales).

L'acquisition et la disposition parla Société de parts sociales détenues par
elle dans son propre capital social ne pourra avoir lieu qu’avec l’accord
préalable de l’Associé Unique ou de l’Assemblée Générale. Les exigences
de quorum et de majorité relatives aux modifications des Statuts en vertu
de l’article 16 des Statuts seront applicables.

Toutes parts sociales rachetées conformément à cet article pourront être
annulées (annulation soumise à décision de l’Assemblée Générale ou
conseil de gérance avec conﬁrmation ultérieure par acte notarié) ou
détenues pour une durée illimitée en tant que parts sociales de trésorerie
(treasury shares) parla Société et seront dépourvues de droits de vote et,
a moins qu’il n’en soit décidé autrement par le conseil de gérance ou
l’Assemblée Générale, selon le cas, de droits de distributions (pour éviter
toute incertitude, les distributions afférentes à ces parts sociales seront
dans ce cas réparties au pro rata entre les parts sociales restantes).

13


De telles parts sociales de trésorerie peuvent étre distribuées à tout
moment aux associés existants ou tiers (soumis au respect de l’article 9)
par une décision du conseil de gérance.

Art. 8. Droit de Distribution des Parts. A moins qu’il n’en soit disposé
autrement dans la Loi ou dans les Statuts, chaque part sociale donne droit
a son détenteur a une fraction des actifs et bénéﬁces de la Société, en
proportion directe avec le nombre des parts sociales existantes.

Art. 9. lndivisibilité et Transfert des Parts. Envers la Société, les parts
sociales sont indivisibles, de sorte qu’un seul propriétaire par part sociale
est admis. Les copropriétaires indivis doivent désigner une seule personne
qui les représente auprès de la Société.

Dans l’hypothèse où il n’y a qu’un seul associé, les parts sociales détenues
par celui-ci sont librement cessibles.

Dans l’hypothèse où il y a plusieurs associés, les parts sociales détenues
par chacun d’entre eux ne sont cessibles qu’en application de ce qui est
prescrit par l’article 710-12 de la Loi.

Chaque associé s’engage à ne pas mettre en gage ou conférer des
garanties sur les parts qu’il détient sans le consentement préalable de la
majorité des associés détenant au moins trois quarts du capital social de
la Société.

Chapitre Ill. - Gérance.

Art. 10. Gérance. La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si
plusieurs gérants sont nommés, ils constituent un conseil de gérance.
Le(s) gérant(s) n’est (ne sont) pas obligatoirement associé(s). Le(s)
gérant(s) peut (peuvent) être révoqué(s) a tout moment, avec ou sans
justification, par une résolution des associés titulaires de la majorité
des votes.

La majorité des gérants seront des non-résidents du Royaume-Uni (le RU)
pour des raisons fiscales applicables au RU et ne seront pas établis de
manière permanente au RU (ci-après renseignés comme les Non-
résidents au RU). La majorité des gérants seront des non-résidents des
Etats-Unis (les US) pour des raisons fiscales applicables aux US et ne
seront pas établis de manière permanente aux US (ci-après renseignés
comme les Non-résidents aux US).

Le conseil de gérance pourra choisir parmi ses membres Non-résidents au
RU un président et pourra élire en son sein un ou plusieurs vice-présidents.
Il pourra également désigner un secrétaire qui n’a pas besoin d’être un
gérant mais doit être un Non-résident au RU et qui devra dresser les
procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance ainsi que des
assemblées des associés. Le conseil de gérance se réunira sur la
convocation du président ou de deux gérants, au lieu indiqué dans l’avis
de convocation.

14


Le président du conseil de gérance présidera les assemblées générales
des associés et les réunions du conseil de gérance, mais en son absence
les associés ou le conseil de gérance désigneront, par un vote pris a la
majorité présente lors de cette réunion, un autre gérant, et pour les
assemblées générales des associés toute autre personne, pour assumer
la présidence en lieu et place du président.

Une convocation écrite à toute réunion du conseil de gérance sera donné
a tous les gérants au moins vingt-quatre heures avant l’heure prévue pour
la réunion, sauf s’il y a urgence, auquel cas la nature de ces circonstances
sera mentionnée dans l’avis de convocation. Il peut être renoncé à cette
convocation écrite par consentement exprimé à l’écrit, ou par e-mail, câble,
ou télégramme, télétex ou téléfax, par chacun des gérants. Une
convocation spéciale ne sera pas requise pour une réunion du conseil de
gérance se tenant à une heure et a un endroit déterminés dans une
résolution préalablement adoptée par le conseil de gérance.

Tout gérant pourra se faire représenter au conseil de gérance en désignant
par écrit ou par télégramme, téléfax, e-mail ou tout autre moyen similaire
de communication un autre gérant.

Tout gérant qui n’est pas physiquement présent à l’endroit de la réunion
du conseil de gérance et qui n’est pas présent au RU peut participer a cette
réunion par conférence téléphonique ou tout autre moyen similaire de
communication où tous les participants a la réunion sont en mesure de
s’entendre les uns les autres. La participation a une réunion de la manière
décrite ci-avant équivaudra a une présence physique a cette réunion.

Le conseil de gérance ne pourra délibérer et agir valablement que si (i) au
moins deux gérants sont physiquement présents, (ii) au moins une majorité
des gérants est présente ou représentée, (iii) au moins la majorité des
gérants présents ou représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance
sont des Non-résidents au RU et (iv) au moins la majorité des gérants
présents ou représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance sont des
Non-résidents aux US. Les décisions sont prises à la majorité des votes
des gérants présents ou représentés à toute réunion.

Les réunions du conseil de gérance doivent être tenues au siège
social de la Société ou a tout autre endroit au Luxembourg tel qu’indiqué
dans la convocation de la réunion. Au cas où le conseil de gérance
déterminerait que des événements extraordinaires d’ordre politique ou
militaire de nature à compromettre l’activité normale au siège social ou la
communication aisée avec ce siège ou de ce siège avec l’étranger se sont
produits ou sont imminents, les réunions du conseil de gérance pourront
être temporairement tenues à l’étrangerjusqu’a la cessation complète de
ces circonstances anormales. Cependant, les réunions du conseil de
gérance ne pourront jamais être tenues au RU.

Les procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance seront signés par
le président ou le gérant qui aura assumé la présidence en son absence.

15


Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux destinés à servir en justice ou
ailleurs seront signés par le président ou par le secrétaire ou par deux
gérants.

Nonobstant les dispositions précédentes, des résolutions approuvées par
écrit et signées par tous les gérants auront le même effet que des
résolutions votées a une réunion du conseil de gérance; chaque gérant
approuvera cette résolution par écrit, par télégramme, téléfax ou tout
autre moyen de communications similaires. Aucune résolution ne sera
cependant effective si elle signée par un gérant établi au RU et au US ou
dans toute autre juridiction déterminée de temps a autre par une décision
du conseil de gérance.

Art. 11. Pouvoirs du Gérant. Dans les rapports avec les tiers, le(s)
gérant(s) a(ont) tous pouvoirs pour agir au nom de la Société et pour
effectuer et approuver tous actes et opérations conformément à l’objet
social et pourvu que les termes du présent article aient été respectés.

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l’assemblée générale des
associés parla Loi ou les Statuts seront de la compétence du gérant et en
cas de pluralité de gérants du conseil de gérance. Le gérant, ou en cas de
pluralité de gérants le conseil de gérance, peut, en particulier et sans
limitation, conclure des contrats de conseil en investissement et des
contrats d’administration.

En cas de pluralité de gérants, le conseil de gérance peut élire parmi ses
membres un ou plusieurs gérants délégués qui auront à leur charge la
gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que le pouvoir d’engager
individuellement la Société par leur seule signature.

Art. 12. Représentation de la Société. La Société est valablement
engagée parla signature du gérant et, en cas de pluralité de gérants, par
la signature conjointe de deux des membres du conseil de gérance ou par
la signature individuelle de toute autre personne a qui des pouvoirs de
signature auront été spécialement délégués par le conseil de gérance.

Art. 13. Sous - délégation et Agent du Gérant. Le gérant, ou en cas de
pluralité de gérants un membre du conseil de gérance, peut subdéléguer
une partie de ses pouvoirs pour des tâches spécifiques à un ou plusieurs
gérants, a condition que ces pouvoirs ne soient jamais délégués à une
personne qui est résidente au RU ou aux US ou qui est établie de façon
permanente aux US ou au RU.

Le gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de gérants un membre du conseil de
gérance, détermine les responsabilités et la rémunération quelconques
(s’il y en a) de ces agents, la durée de leurs mandats ainsi que toutes
autres conditions de leur mandat.

Art. 14. Rémunération du Gérant. Les pouvoirs et rémunérations des
gérants éventuellement nommés postérieurement en sus ou en
remplacement des premiers gérants seront déterminés dans l’acte de
nomination.

16


Art. 15. Responsabilités du Gérant. Le gérant ou en cas de pluralité de
gérants les membres du conseil de gérance ne contractent a raison de leur
fonction aucune obligation personnelle relativement aux engagements
régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la Société.

Chapitre IV. - Assemblée générale des associés.

Art. 16. Pouvoirs de I’Associé Unique I Assemblée Générale des
Associés. L’associé unique exerce tous pouvoirs qui sont conférés à
l’assemblée générale des associés réunies en assemblée générale
(l’Assemblée Générale).

En cas de pluralité d’associés, chaque associé peut prendre part aux
décisions collectives, quel que soit le nombre de parts qu’il détient. Chaque
associé possède des droits de vote en rapport avec le nombre de parts
détenues par lui.

Un associé (ou si l’associé est une entité juridique, ses représentants
légaux) est autorisé à se faire représenter à toute assemblée des associés
par un mandataire qui ne doit pas nécessairement être associé lui-
même, pour autant que ce mandataire soit nommé par une procuration
écrite, par téléfax, câble, télégramme, télex ou par e-mail.

Nonobstant l’article 710-22 de la Loi, les décisions collectives ne sont
valablement prises que pour autant qu’elles soient adoptées par des
associés détenant plus de cinquante pour cent du capital social. Toutefois,
les résolutions modifiant les Statuts de la Société ne peuvent être adoptés
que par une majorité d’associés détenant au moins les trois quarts du
capital social, conformément aux prescriptions de la Loi.

Art. 17. Assemblées Générales. Le gérant, ou en cas de pluralité de
gérants le conseil de gérance, pourra convoquer d’autres assemblées
générales.

De telles assemblées doivent être convoquées si des associés
représentant plus de cinquante pour cent du capital de la Société le
demande.

Les autres assemblées générales des associés pourront se tenir aux
heures et lieux spécifiés dans les avis de convocation. Cependant, les
autres assemblées générales ne pourront jamais être tenues au RU.

Chapitre V. - Exercice social - Comptes annuels

Art. 18. Exercice Social. L’année sociale commence le 1erjour de janvier
et se termine le 31e jour de décembre de chaque année.

Chaque année, a la fin de l’exercice social, les comptes de la Société sont
établis et le gérant ou en cas de pluralité de gérants le conseil de gérance
prépare un inventaire comprenant l’indication de la valeur des actifs et
passifs de la Société.

17


Dans la mesure requise par les lois et règlements luxembourgeois, les
opérations de la Société et sa situation financière ainsi que ses livres de
compte sont contrôlés par un ou plusieurs réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréés.

Tout associé aura le droit de prendre connaissance des livres de la
Société, desdits inventaires et bilan au siège social de la Société.

Art. 19. Réserve Légale et Distribution du Bénéfice. Sur Ie bénéﬁce net
de la Société, tel qu’il est déterminé par les lois et réglementations
applicables, il sera prélevé cinq pour cent (5%) pour la constitution de la
réserve légale. Ce prélèvement cessera d'étre obligatoire lorsque la
réserve légale aura atteint dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la
Société, et il deviendra à nouveau obligatoire si la réserve légale descend
en dessous du seuil de dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société
(la Réserve Légale).

Le surplus sera affecté en vertu d’une décision de l’Assemblée Générale
sur proposition du conseil de gérance.

Conformément à l’article 710-25 de la Loi et aux dispositions ci-dessus, le
gérant unique ou le conseil de gérance, le cas échéant, peut décider de
verser des acomptes sur dividendes aux conditions suivantes :

(i) un état comptable intérimaire (l’Etat Comptable Intérimaire)
est établi par le Gérant unique ou le Conseil de Gérance, le
cas échéant ;

(ii) cet Etat Comptable Intérimaire montre que des bénéfices et
autres réserves, en ce compris, pour éviter tout doute, la prime
d’émission et le capital surplus, suffisants sont disponibles
pour les besoins d’une distribution, étant entendu que le
montant à distribuer ne peut excéder le montant des bénéfices
réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice social dont les
comptes annuels ont été approuvés, augmenté des bénéfices
reportés et des réserves distribuables, et réduit par les pertes
reportées et les sommes à affecter a la réserve légale;

(iii) la décision de payer des dividendes intérimaires doit être
adoptée par le Gérant unique ou le Conseil de Gérance, le cas
échéant, dans les deux (2) mois suivant la date de l’Etat
Comptable Intérimaire;

(iv) les droits des créanciers de la Société ne sont pas menacés,
compte tenu des actifs de la Société;
(v) si le montant total des dividendes intérimaires qui ont été

payés excède le montant total des bénéfices distribuables a la
fin de l’exercice social, le montant excédant, tel que reconnu
par l’Assemblée Générale annuelle des associés sera, sauf si
l’en est décidé autrement par le Conseil de Gérance au
moment de la déclaration de dividende, considérée comme un
acompte sur les dividendes futurs ; et

(vi) lorsqu’un auditeur interne ou externe a été désigné, cet
auditeur devra revoir l’Etat Comptable Intérimaire afin de

18


s’assurer que les conditions prévues sous les points (i) a (v)
de l’article 19 auront été pleinement remplis.

Sans préjudice de la possibilité pour le Conseil de Gérance de procéder à
des distributions intérimaires de dividendes telles que prévues dans le
présent article, l’Assemblée Générale des associés peut également
décider de procéder à la distribution de dividendes intérimaires de temps
a autre, sous réserve du respect des mêmes conditions (y ce compris
d’une revue de l’Etat Comptable Intérimaire), que celles prévues à l’article
présent.

Chapitre VI. - Dissolution - Liquidation

Art. 20. Causes de Dissolution. La Société ne sera pas dissoute pour
cause de décés, de suspension des droits civils, d’insolvabilité ou de faillite
de son associé unique ou de l’un des associés.

Art. 21. Liquidation. Au moment de la dissolution de la Société, la
liquidation sera assurée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non,
nommés par les associés qui détermineront leurs pouvoirs et
rémunérations.

Un associé unique peut décider de dissoudre la Société et de procéder à
sa liquidation en prenant personnellement à sa charge tous les actifs et
passifs, connus et inconnus, de la Société.

Chapitre VII. - Loi applicable

Art. 22. Pour tout ce qui ne fait pas l’objet d’une disposition spécifique dans
les Statuts, il est fait référence a la Loi.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice social commencera le jour de la constitution et se
terminera le 31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION-LIBERATION

Les Statuts de la Société ayant ainsi été arrêtés, l’Associé Unique,
représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, déclare qu'il souscrit au moyen d'un
apport en numéraire aux vingt mille (20.000) parts sociales d'une valeur
nominale d’un (1) US dollar chacune, représentant la totalité du capital
social de la Société et pour un prix de souscription total de vingt mille
(20.000) US dollars.

Le prix de souscription de l'intégralité des parts sociales a été versé par
l’Associé Unique au moyen d'un apport en numéraire d'un montant total de
vingt mille (20.000) US dollars, de sorte que le montant de vingt mille
(20.000) dollars payé par l’Associé Unique est désormais à la libre
disposition de la Société, ainsi qu'il en a été attesté au notaire
instrumentaire, qui le reconnaît expressément.

L’apport en numéraire est attribué dans son intégralité au capital social de
la Société.

19


DECLARATION — ESTIMATION DES FRAIS

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa charge
en raison de sa constitution, sont estimés approximativement a la somme
de mille cent euro (EUR 1.100.-).

RESOLUTIONS PRISES PAR L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

L’Associé Unique, représenté comme indiqué ci-dessus, représentant
l'intégralité du capital social, a pris les résolutions suivantes :

1) le nombre des gérants est fixé a six (6) ;
2) les personnes suivantes sont nommées en tant que gérants pour une
durée indéterminée :

a) Dylan Davies, né le 16 novembre 1966, a Swansea (Royaume-
Uni), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 6D, route de Trèves,
L-2633 Senningerberg, Luxembourg;

b) Stéphane Lachance, né le 13 aout 1970, a St-Hyacinthe
(Canada), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 6D, route de
Trèves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Luxembourg;

c) Paul Brogan, né le 21 juin 1981, à Dublin (Irlande), ayant son
adresse professionnelle au 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633
Senningerberg, Luxembourg;

3) le siège social de la Société est établi au 6D, route de Trèves, L-2633

Senningerberg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, déclare qu'a la
requête du mandataire de l’Associé Unique, le présent acte a été établi en
anglais, suivi d'une version française. A la requête du mandataire de
l’Associé Unique et en cas de distorsions entre la version anglaise et la
version française, la version anglaise prévaudra.

Dont acte, fait et passé, date qu'en tête des présentes à Luxembourg.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire de l’Associé Unique, connu du notaire
par nom, prénoms usuels, états et demeures, le mandataire de l’Associé
Unique a signé avec le notaire le présent acte.

(signé) T. BODEVING, DELOSCH.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 19 décembre 2018
Relation : 1LAC/2018/41611

Reçu soixante-quinze (75.-) euros

Le Receveur, (s) : P. MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme, délivrée aux ﬁns de la publication au RESA.

Luxembourg, le 28 décembre 2018

20


