Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230568

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.105
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

RNA S.A.

Société anonyme

Siège social: L-1371 Luxembourg, 1, Val Sainte Croix

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE Me GRETHEN
DU 19 DECEMBRE 2018 N° 17.358

 

In the year two thousand eighteen, on the nineteenth day of December.

Before Us, Maitre Léonie GRETHEN, notary residing Luxembourg (Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg).

THERE APPEARED:

Reliance Trust Company S.A., a public company limited by shares (société
anonyme), having its registered ofﬁce at 6, rue Saint-Leger, CH-1205 Geneva,
Switzerland, and registered with the Trade and Companies Register under number
CHE-188905.260 (The Sole Shareholder),

hereby represented by Mrs Rachida El Farhane, notary clerk, having his
professional address at Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy established under
private seal on 19 December 2018.

The said proxy, signed “ne varietur” by the proxyholder of the appearing party and
the undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the present deed to be filed with
the registration authorities in Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The appearing party, represented as stated hereabove, have requested the
undersigned notary, to state as follows the articles of association of a public
company limited by shares (société anonyme), which is hereby incorporated:

TITLE I.- DEN OMINATION , REGISTERED OFFICEa OBJECT,
DURATION

ARTICLE 1

There is established hereby a société anonyme governed by the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and in particular, the amended law dated 10 August
1915 on commercial companies and by the present articles.

The Company exists under the name of " RNA S.A.”.


ARTICLE 2

The registered ofﬁce of the corporation is established in the municipality of
Luxembourg.

It may be transferred to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
by means of a resolution of the sole shareholder or the general meeting of
shareholders of the Company, as the case may be, deliberating in the manner
provided for amendments to the Articles or by decision of the sole director or the
board of directors in which case, the sole director or the board of directors shall be
entitled to proceed to amend the present article of the Articles of Incorporation
accordingly.

If extraordinary political or economic events occur or are imminent, which
might interfere with the normal activity at the registered ofﬁce, or with easy
communication between this ofﬁce and abroad, the registered ofﬁce may be
declared to have been transferred abroad provisionally until the complete cessation
of these abnormal circumstances.

Such decision, however, shall have no effect on the nationality of the
company. Such declaration of the transfer of the registered ofﬁce shall be made
and brought to the attention of third parties by the organ of the corporation which
is best situated for this purpose under such circumstances.

ARTICLE 3

The corporation is established for an unlimited period.
ARTICLE 4

The corporation may carry out all transactions pertaining directly or
indirectly to the acquiring of participating interests in any enterprises in whatever
form and the administration, management, control and development of those
participating interests.

In particular, the corporation may use its funds for the establishment,
management, development and disposal of a portfolio consisting of any securities
and patents of whatever origin, and participate in the creation, development and
control of any enterprise, the acquisition, by way of investment, subscription,
underwriting or option, of securities and patents, to realize them by way of sale,
transfer, exchange or otherwise develop such securities and patents, grant to

companies in which the corporation has a participating interest, any support, loans,
advances or guarantees.

The Company may also perform all services and management consulting to
Luxembourg or foreign companies.

 

 

In general, the Company may carry out any loperations of a patrimonial
nature, any transactions in respect of real estate or moveable property, any

commercial, industrial or ﬁnancial operations, and any transactions and o erations
to promote and facilitate directly or indirectly the realisation of The object or its
extension.

 


TITLE II.- CAPITALa SHARES
ARTICLE 5

The corporate capital is set at THIRTY THOUSAND EURO (30,000.-
EUR) represented by THREE HUNDRED (300) shares with a par value of ONE
HUNDRED EURO (100.- EUR) each.

The corporate’s share capital is divided into shares, each of them having the
same nominal value.

Each share entitles to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

Shares may be evidenced at the owners option, in certiﬁcates representing
single shares or in certiﬁcates representing two or more shares.

Shares may be issued in registered or bearer form, at the shareholder's
option.

Shares issued in bearer form should be deposited in with a depositary
appointed by the sole director, or in case of plurality of directors, by the board of
directors, in conformity with article 430-6 of the law of 10 August 1915 on
commercial companies, as amended.

Any bearer shareholder can request in writing an issue by the depositary of a
certiﬁcate attesting all transcriptions in his or her regard. Any transfer of bearer
shares can be only effected in respect of article 430-6 of the law of 10 August
1915 on commercial companies as amended.

If the Company issues registered shares, a shareholders’ register which may
be examined by any shareholder will be kept at the registered ofﬁce. The register
will contain the precise designation of each shareholder and the indication of the
number of shares held, the indication of the payments made on the shares as well
as the transfers of shares and the dates thereof.

Each shareholder will notify to the Company by registered letter its address
and any change thereof. The Company will be entitled to rely on the last address
thus communicated.

Ownership of the registered share will result from the recordings in the
shareholders’ register.

The transfers of shares will be carried out by a declaration of transfer
entered into the shareholders’ register, dated and signed by the transferor and the
transferee or by their representative(s). The transfers of shares may also be carried
out in accordance with the rules on the transfer of claims laid down in article 1690
of the Luxembourg Civil Code. Furthermore, the Company may accept and enter
into the shareholders’ register any transfer referred to in any correspondence or
other document showing the consent of the transferor and the transferee.

The authorized capital of the corporation is ﬁxed at THIRTY THOUSAND
EURO (30,000.- EUR) to be divided into THREE HUNDRED (300) shares with
a par value of ONE HUNDRED EURO (100.-EUR) each.

The authorized and subscribed capital of the corporation may be increased


or reduced by a decision of the general meeting of shareholders, voting with the
same quorum as for an amendment of the articles of incorporation.

The board of directors may, during a period of ﬁve years from the date of
publication of the present articles of association, increase the subscribed capital
within the limits of the authorized capital. Such increase may be subscribed for
and issued in the form of shares with or without an issue premium, as the board of
directors shall determine.

Moreover, the board of directors is authorized to issue ordinary or
convertible bonds, in registered or bearer form, with any denomination and
payable in any currencies. Any issue of convertible bonds may only be made
within the limits of the authorized capital.

The board of directors shall determine the nature, the price, the interest rate,
the conditions of issue and reimbursement and any other conditions which may be
related to such bond issue.

A ledger of the registered bondholders will be held at the registered ofﬁce of
the company.

The board of directors is speciﬁcally authorized to make such issues,
without reserving for the then existing shareholders, a preferential right to
subscribe for the shares to be issued. The board of directors may delegate to any
duly authorized person, the duty of accepting subscriptions and receiving payment
for shares representing part or all of such increased amounts of capital.

After each increase in the subscribed capital performed in the legally
required form by the board of directors, the present article will be adapted to this
modiﬁcation by notarial deed.

The corporation may, to the extent and under the terms permitted by law,
purchase its own shares.

TITLE III.- MANAGEMENT
ARTICLE 6

In case of plurality of shareholders, the Company must be managed by a
Board of Directors consisting of at least three members, who need not be
shareholders.

In the case where the Company is incorporated by a sole shareholder or if at
the occasion of a general meeting of shareholders, it is established that the
Company has only one shareholder left, the composition of the Board of Directors
may be limited to one member (the "Sole Director") until the next ordinary general
meeting of the shareholders noticing the existence of more than one shareholder.
A legal entity may be a member of the Board of Directors or may be the Sole
Director of the Company. In such a case, its permanent representative shall be
appointed or conﬁrmed in compliance with the Law.

The Directors or the Sole Director are appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders for a period not exceeding six years and are re-eligible. They may be
removed at any time by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders. They
will remain in function until their successors have been appointed. In case a

4


Director is elected without mention of the term of his mandate, he is deemed to be
elected for six years from the date of his election.

In the event of vacancy of a member of the Board of Directors because of
death, retirement or otherwise, the remaining Directors thus appointed may meet
and elect, by majority vote, a Director to ﬁll such vacancy until the next general
meeting of shareholders which will be asked to ratify such election.

ARTICLE 7
The board of directors will elect from among its members a chairman.

The board of directors convenes upon call by the chairman, as often as the
interest of the corporation so requires. It must be convened each time two directors
so request.

ARTICLE 8

The board of directors is invested with the broadest powers to perform all
acts of administration and disposition in compliance with the corporate object.

All powers not expressly reserved by law or by the present articles of
association to the general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of
the board of directors. The board of directors may pay interim dividends, in
compliance with the legal requirements.

Any director having an interest in a transaction submitted for approval to the
Board of Directors conﬂicting with that of the company, shall advise the board
thereof and cause a record of his statement to be included in the minutes of the
meeting. He may not take part in these deliberations. At the next following general
meeting, before any other resolution is put to vote, a special report shall be made
on any transactions in which any of the directors may have had an interest
conﬂicting with that of the company.

If there is only one shareholder, the minutes shall only mention the
operations intervened between the Company and its Sole Director having an
interest conﬂicting with the one of the Company.

ARTICLE 9

Towards third parties, in all circumstances, the Company shall be, in case of
a Sole Director, bound by the sole signature of the Sole Director or, in case of
plurality of directors, by the signatures of any two Directors together or by the
single signature of any person to whom such signatory power shall be delegated by
the board of directors or the Sole Director of the Company, but only within the
limits of such power.

Towards third parties, in all circumstances, the Company shall also be, in
case if a managing director has been appointed in order to conduct the daily
management and affairs of the Company and the representation of the Company
for such daily management and affairs, bound by the sole signature of the
managing director, but only within the limits of such power.


ARTICLE 10

The board of directors may delegate its powers to conduct the daily
management of the corporation to one or more directors, who will be called
managing directors.

However, the ﬁrst managing director may be appointed by the general
meeting of shareholders.

It may also commit the management of all the affairs of the corporation or of
a special branch to one or more managers, and give special powers for determined
matters to one or more proxyholders, selected from its own members or not, either
shareholders or not.

ARTICLE 11

Any litigations involving the corporation either as plaintiff or as defendant,
will be handled in the name of the corporation by the board of directors,
represented by its chairman or by the director delegated for its purpose.

ARTICLE 12

The company may have a sole shareholder at the time of its incorporation or
when all of its shares come to be held by a single person. The death or dissolution
of the sole shareholder does not result in the dissolution of the company.

If there is only one shareholder, the sole shareholder assumes all powers
conferred to the general meeting of Shareholders and takes the decisions in
writing.

In case of plurality of shareholders, the general meeting of Shareholders
shall represent the entire body of Shareholders of the Company. It shall have the
broadest powers to order and/or ratify acts relating to the operations of the
Company.

Any general meeting shall be convened in compliance with the Law.

The general meeting shall be convened by means of the shareholders
representing ten per cent (10 %) of the corporate capital.

To the extent permitted by law, the Board of Director or the Sole Director
(as applicable) may suspend the right to vote of any Shareholder which does not
fulﬁl its obligations under the Articles or any document stating its obligations
towards the Company and/or the other Shareholders.

To the extent permitted by law, any Shareholder may individually decide not
to exercise, temporarily or deﬁnitively, its voting right on all or part of its shares.
Such a Shareholder is bound by such waiver which is enforceable towards the
Company from the date of its notiﬁcation.

In case the voting rights of one or more shareholders are suspended in
accordance with this Article, or a Shareholder has temporarily or permanently
waived its voting right in accordance with this Article, such shareholders shall be
called and may attend the General Meeting but their shares shall not be taken into
account for determining whether the quorum and majority requirements are
satisﬁed.


In case that all the shareholders are present or represented and if they state
that they have been informed of the agenda of the meeting, they may waive all
convening requirements and formalities of publication.

A shareholder may be represented at a shareholders' meeting by appointing
in writing (or by fax or e-mail or any similar means) an attorney who need not to
be a shareholder and is therefore entitled to vote by proxy.

The shareholders are entitled to participate to the meeting by
videoconference or by telecommunications means allowing their identiﬁcation,
and are deemed to be present, for the quorum conditions and the majority. These
means must comply with technical features guaranteeing an effective participation
to the meeting whereof the deliberations are transmitted in a continuing way.

Unless otherwise provided by Law or by the Articles, all decisions by the
annual or ordinary general meeting of Shareholders shall be taken by simple
majority of the votes, regardless of the proportion of the capital represented.

When the company has a sole shareholder, his decisions are written
resolutions.

An extraordinary general meeting convened to amend any provisions of the
Articles shall not validly deliberate unless at least one half of the capital is
represented and the agenda indicates the proposed amendments to the Articles. If
the ﬁrst of these conditions is not satisﬁed, a second meeting may be convened, in
the manner prescribed by the Articles or by the Law. Such convening notice shall
reproduce the agenda and indicate the date and the results of the previous meeting.
The second meeting shall validly deliberate regardless of the proportion of the
capital represented. At both meetings, resolutions, in order to be adopted, must be
adopted by a two-third majority of the Shareholders present or represented.

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a resolution
of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required for an
amendment of the articles of association.

However, the commitments of its Shareholders may be increased only with
the unanimous consent of all the Shareholders and in compliance with any other
legal requirement.

TITLE IV.- SUPERVISION
ARTICLE 13

The corporation is supervised by one or several statutory auditors, appointed
by the general meeting of shareholders which will ﬁx their number and their
remuneration, as well as the term of their ofﬁce, which must not exceed six years.

ARTICLE 14

The annual meeting will be held in the commune of the registered ofﬁce at
the place speciﬁed in the convening notices within six months of the closing of the
accounts of the company.

TITLE VI.- ACCOUNTING YEAR, ALLOCATION OF PROFITS


ARTICLE 15

The accounting year of the corporation shall begin on the 1st of January and
shall terminate on the 3 1 st of December of each year.

ARTICLE 16

After deduction of any and all of the expenses of the corporation and the
amortizations, the credit balance represents the net proﬁts of the corporation. Of
the net proﬁts, ﬁve percent (5%) shall be appropriated for the legal reserve; this
deduction ceases to be compulsory when the reserve amounts to ten percent (10%)
of the capital of corporation, but it must be resumed until the reserve is entirely
reconstituted if, at any time, for any reason whatsoever, it has been touched.

The balance is at the disposal of the general meeting.

TITLE VII.- DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION
ARTICLE 17

The corporation may be dissolved by a resolution of the general meeting of
shareholders. The liquidation will be carried out by one or more liquidators,
physical or legal persons, appointed by the general meeting of shareholders which
will specify their powers and ﬁx their remunerations.

TITLE VIII.- GENERAL PROVISIONS
ARTICLE 18

All matters not governed by these articles of association are to be construed
in accordance with the law of August 10th 1915 on commercial companies and the
amendments hereto.

TRAN SITORY PROVISIONS

1) The ﬁrst business year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the
company and shall end on the 31St of December 2019.

2) The ﬁrst annual general meeting shall be held in 2020.
SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The articles of association having thus been established, the appearing

parties, represented as stated hereabove, declare to subscribe the three hundred
(300) shares as follows :

- Reliance Trust Company S.A., prenamed,: three hundred (300) shares,
Total : three hundred (300) shares.

All the shares have been paid up to the extent of one hundred percent
(100%) by payment in cash, so that the amount of THIRTY THOUSAND EURO
(30,000.- EUR) is now available to the company, evidence thereof having been
given to the notary.

STATEMENT
The undersigned notary states that the conditions provided for in article 420-1 as

8


amended of the law of August 10th 1915 on commercial companies have been
observed.

COSTS

 

The aggregate amount of the costs, expenditures, remunerations or expenses, in
any form whatsoever, which the corporation incurs or for which it is liable by
reason of its organization, is approximately one thousand two hundred euro

(EUR1,200.-).
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Reliance Trust Company S.A., representing the entire subscribed capital and
considering itself as duly convoked, has immediately taken the following
resolutions:

1.- The number of directors is ﬁxed at one (1) and the number of auditors at
one(1)

2.- The following person is appointed director for a period of six (6) years:

- Ms. Petronella Johanna Sophia DUNSELMAN, managing director, born in
Amsterdam (The Netherlands) on 6 April 1965, professionally residing at
1, Val Ste Croix, L-1371 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

3.- Has been appointed statutory auditor for a period of six (6) years:

- Bastions Trust Company S.a.r.l., a private limited company, having its
registered ofﬁce at 6, rue de Saint-Leger, CH-1205 Geneva, Switzerland and
registered with Register of Geneva under number CHE-289610.661.

5.- The registered ofﬁce of the company is established at 1, Val Sainte
Croix, L-1371 Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary, who knows English, states that on request of the
appearing party the present deed is worded in English, followed by a French
version and in case of discrepancies between the English and the French text, the
English version will be binding.

WHEREOF the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the person appearing,
who is known to the notary by her surname, ﬁrst name, civil status and residence,
she signed together with Us notary this original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L'an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvieme jour du mois de décembre.

Par-devant Maitre Léonie GRETHEN, notaire de residence à Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A COMPARU

RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY S.A., une société anonyme de droit
suisse, ayant son siege social au 6, rue Saint — Leger, CH-1205 Suisse et
immatriculée au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés sous le numéro CHE-

188.905.260,


dûment représentée par Madame Rachida El Farhane, clerc de notaire, demeurant

professionnellement à Luxembourg en vertu d'une procuration sous seing privé
donnée le 19 décembre 2018.

Ladite procuration signée << ne varietur >> par le mandataire de la comparante
et le notaire instrumentant, restera annexée au présent acte pour être soumise aux
formalités de l'enregistrement.

Laquelle comparante a requis le notaire instrumentant d'arrêter les statuts
d'une société anonyme qui est constituée comme suit:

TITRE IER: DEN OMINATION , SIEGE SOCIAL= OBJET= DUREE
ARTICLE 1

Il est formé une société anonyme régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg et en particulier la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales
telle que modiﬁée, et par les présents statuts.

La Société existe sous la dénomination de << RNA S.A. >>.
ARTICLE 2

Le siège de la société est établi dans la commune de Luxembourg.

Il pourra être transféré en tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg par simple décision de l’actionnaire ou de l’assemblée générale des
actionnaires délibérant comme en matière de modiﬁcations des Statuts ou par
simple décision de l’administrateur unique ou du conseil d’administration dans
lequel cas, l’administrateur unique ou le conseil d’administration sera habilité à
procéder à modiﬁer le présent article des Statuts en conséquence.

Au cas où des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique ou économique,
de nature à compromettre l'activité normale au siège social ou la communication
aisée de ce siège avec l'étranger se produiront ou seront imminents, le siège social
pourra être déclaré transféré provisoirement à l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales.

Une telle décision n'aura d'effet sur la nationalité de la société. La
déclaration de transfert du siège sera faite et portée à la connaissance des tiers par
l'organe de la société qui se trouvera le mieux placé à cet effet dans les
circonstances données.

ARTICLE 3
La société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

ARTICLE 4

La société a pour objet toutes les opérations se rapportant directement ou
indirectement à la prise de participations sous quelque forme que ce soit, dans
toute entreprise, ainsi que l'administration, la gestion, le contrôle et le
développement de ces participations.

Elle pourra notamment employer ses fonds à la création, à la gestion, à la
mise en valeur et à la liquidation d'un portefeuille se composant de tous titres et
brevets de toute origine, participer à la création, au développement et au contrôle

10


de toute entreprise, acquérir par voie d'apport, de souscription, de prise ferme ou
d'option d'achat et de toute autre manière, tous titres et brevets, les réaliser par
voie de vente, de cession, d'échange ou autrement, faire mettre en valeur ces
affaires et brevets, accorder aux sociétés auxquelles elle s'intéresse tous concours,
prêts, avances ou garanties.

La société pourra aussi accomplir toutes prestations de services et de
conseils en gestion à des sociétés luxembourgeoises ou étrangères.

En général, la société pourra faire toutes opérations à caractère patrimonial,
toutes opérations mobilières, immobilières, commerciales, industrielles ou
ﬁnancières, ainsi que toutes transactions et opérations de nature à promouvoir et à
faciliter directement ou indirectement la réalisation de l'objet social ou son
extension.

TITRE II: CAPITAL, ACTIONS
ARTICLE 5

Le capital social est ﬁxé à TRENTE MILLE EUROS (30.000.- EUR)
représenté par TROIS CENT (300) actions d'une valéur nominale de CENT
EUROS (lOO.- EUR) chacune.

Le capital de la société est divisé en actions, toutes ayant la même valeur
nominale.

Chaque action donne droit à une voix dans les assemblées générales
d’actionnaires.

Les actions de la société peuvent être créées au choix du propriétaire en
titres unitaires ou en certiﬁcats représentatifs de plusieurs actions.

Les titres peuvent aussi être nominatifs ou au porteur, au gré de l'actionnaire.

Dans le cas des actions au porteur, celles-ci sont déposées auprès d’un
dépositaire nommé par l’administrateur unique, ou en cas de pluralité
d’administrateurs, par le conseil d’administration, ceci conformément à l’article
430-6 de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée.

A la demande écrite de l’actionnaire au porteur, un certiﬁcat constatant
toutes les inscriptions le concernant lui est délivré par le dépositaire. Le transfert
des actions au porteur ne pourra se faire qu’en accord avec les dispositions de
l’article 430-6 de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que
modiﬁée.

Dans le cas ou la société émet des actions nominatives, un registre des
actionnaires sera tenu au siège social et tout actionnaire pourra en prendre
connaissance. Ce registre contiendra la désignation précise de chaque actionnaire
et l’indication du nombre de ses actions, l’indication des paiements effectués sur
ses actions ainsi que les transferts des actions avec leur date.

Chaque actionnaire notiﬁera son adresse et tout changement de celle-ci à la
Société par lettre recommandée. La Société sera en droit de se ﬁer pour toutes ﬁns
àla dernière adresse communiquée.

ll


La propriété des actions nominatives résultera de l’inscription dans le
registre des actionnaires.

Toute cession d’actions sera inscrite dans le registre des actionnaires par une
déclaration de cession, datée et signée par le cédant et le cessionnaire ou par
leur(s) fondé(s) de pouvoir ainsi que suivant les règles sur le transport des
créances établies par l’article 1690 du Code civil luxembourgeois sur le transport
des créances. De plus, la Société peut accepter et inscrire dans le registre des
actionnaires toute cession mentionnée dans toute correspondance ou autre
document établissant l’accord du cessionnaire et du cédant.

Le capital autorisé est ﬁxé à TRENTE MILLE EUROS (30.000.-EUR) qui
sera représenté par TROIS CENT (300) actions d'une valeur nominale de CENT
EUROS (lOO.-EUR) chacune.

Le capital autorisé et le capital souscrit de la société peuvent être augmentés
ou réduits par décision de l'assemblée générale des actionnaires statuant comme en
matière de modiﬁcation des statuts.

En outre, le conseil d'administration est, pendant une période de cinq ans à
partir de la publication des statuts, autorisé à augmenter en une ou plusieurs fois le
capital souscrit à l'intérieur des limites du capital autorisé. Ces augmentations de
capital peuvent être souscrites et émises sous forme d'actions avec ou sans prime
d'émission ainsi qu'il sera déterminé par le conseil d'administration.

De même, le conseil d'administration est autorisé à émettre des emprunts
obligataires convertibles ou non sous forme d'obligations au porteur ou autre, sous
quelque dénomination que ce soit et payables en quelque monnaie que ce soit,
étant entendu que toute émission d'obligations convertibles ne pourra se faire que
dans le cadre du capital autorisé.

Le conseil d'administration déterminera la nature, le prix, le taux d'intérêt,
les conditions d'émission et de remboursement et toutes autres conditions y ayant
trait.

Un registre des obligations nominatives sera tenu au siège social de la
société.
Le conseil d'administration est spécialement autorisé à procéder à de telles

émissions sans réserver aux actionnaires antérieurs un droit préférentiel de
souscription des actions à émettre.

Le conseil d'administration peut déléguer tout administrateur, directeur,
fondé de pouvoir, ou toute autre personne dûment autorisée, pour recueillir les
souscriptions et recevoir paiement du prix des actions représentant tout ou partie
de cette augmentation de capital. Chaque fois que le conseil d'administration aura
fait constater authentiquement une augmentation du capital souscrit, il fera adapter
le présent article.

La société peut procéder au rachat de ses propres actions, sous les conditions
prévues par la loi.

TITRE III: ADMINISTRATION
ARTICLE 6

12


En cas de pluralité d'actionnaires, la Société doit être administrée par un
Conseil d’Administration composé de trois membres au moins, actionnaires ou
non.

Si la Société est établie par un actionnaire unique ou si à l'occasion d'une
assemblée générale des actionnaires, il est constaté que la Société a seulement un
actionnaire restant, le Conseil d'Administration peut être réduit à un
Administrateur (L'"Administrateur Unique") jusqu'à la prochaine assemblée
générale des actionnaires constatant l'existence de plus d'un actionnaire. Une
personne morale peut être membre du Conseil d'Administration ou peut être
l'Administrateur Unique de la Société. Dans un tel cas, son représentant permanent
sera nommé ou conﬁrmé en conformité avec la Loi.

Les Administrateurs ou l'Administrateur Unique sont nommés par
l'assemblée générale des actionnaires pour une période n'excédant pas six ans et
sont rééligibles. Ils peuvent être révoqués à tout moment par l'assemblée générale
des actionnaires. Ils restent en fonction jusqu’à ce que leurs successeurs soient
nommés. Les Administrateurs élus sans indication de la durée de leur mandat,
seront réputés avoir été élus pour un terme de six ans.

En cas de vacance du poste d'un administrateur pour cause de décès, de
démission ou autre raison, les administrateurs restants nommés de la sorte peuvent
se réunir et pourvoir à son remplacement, à la majorité des votes, jusqu'à la
prochaine assemblée générale des actionnaires portant ratiﬁcation du
remplacement effectué.

ARTICLE 7
Le conseil d'administration choisit parmi ses membres un président.

Le conseil d'administration se réunit sur la convocation du président, aussi
souvent que l'intérêt de la société l'exige. Il doit être convoqué chaque fois que
deux administrateurs le demandent.

ARTICLE 8

Le Conseil d’Administration est investi des pouvoirs les plus larges de
passer tous actes d’administration et de disposition dans l’intérêt de la Société.
Tous pouvoirs que la Loi ne réserve pas expressément à l’assemblée générale des
Actionnaires sont de la compétence du Conseil d’Administration.

Tout Administrateur qui a un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société, dans une
opération soumise à l'approbation du Conseil d'Administration, est tenu d'en
prévenir le conseil et de faire mentionner cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal
de la séance. Il ne peut prendre part à cette délibération. Lors de la prochaine
assemblée générale, avant tout vote sur d'autres résolutions, il est spécialement
rendu compte des opérations dans lesquelles un des Administrateurs aurait eu un
intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

En cas d'un Actionnaire Unique, il est seulement fait mention dans un
procès-verbal des opérations intervenues entre la Société et son Administrateur
ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société.

ARTICLE 9

13


Envers les tiers, en toutes circonstances, la Société sera engagée, en cas
d'Administrateur Unique, par la signature unique de son Administrateur Unique
ou, en cas de pluralité d'administrateurs, par la signature conjointe de deux
Administrateurs ou par la signature unique de toute personne à qui le pouvoir de
signature aura été délégué par le Conseil d’Administration ou par l'Administrateur
Unique de la Société, mais seulement dans les limites de ce pouvoir.

Envers les tiers, en toutes circonstances, la Société sera engagée, en cas
d'Administrateur-délégué nommé pour la gestion et les opérations courantes de la
Société et pour la représentation de la Société dans la gestion et les opérations
courantes, par la seule signature de l'Administrateur-délégué, mais seulement dans
les limites de ce pouvoir.

ARTICLE 10

Le conseil d'administration peut déléguer la gestion journalière de la société
à un ou plusieurs administrateurs qui prendront la dénomination d'administrateurs-
délégués.

Toutefois, le premier administrateur-délégué peut être nommé par
l’assemblée générale.

Il peut aussi conﬁer la direction de l'ensemble ou de telle partie ou branche
spéciale des affaires sociales à un ou plusieurs directeurs, et donner des pouvoirs
spéciaux pour des affaires déterminées à un ou plusieurs fondés de pouvoirs,
choisis dans ou hors son sein, associés ou non.

ARTICLE 11

Les actions judiciaires, tant en demandant qu'en défendant, sont suivies au
nom de la société par le conseil d'administration, les poursuites et diligences sont
exercées par son président ou un administrateur délégué désigné à ces ﬁns.

ARTICLE 12

La Société peut avoir un actionnaire unique lors de sa constitution. Il en est
de même lors de la réunion de toutes ses actions en une seule main. Le décès ou la
dissolution de l'actionnaire unique n'entraîne pas la dissolution de la société.

S'il y a seulement un actionnaire, l'actionnaire unique assure tous les
pouvoirs conférés à l'assemblée générale des actionnaires et prend les décisions
par écrit.

En cas de pluralité d'actionnaires, l'assemblée générale des actionnaires
représente tous les actionnaires de la Société. Elle a les pouvoirs les plus étendus
pour ordonner et/ou ratiﬁer tous les actes relatifs à l’activité de la Société.

Toute assemblée générale sera convoquée conformément aux dispositions
légales.

Elles doivent être convoquées sur la demande d'Actionnaires représentant
dix pour cent (10%) du capital social.

Dans la mesure où la loi le permet, le Conseil d’Administration ou
l’Administrateur Unique (le cas échéant) pourra suspendre le droit de vote de tout
Actionnaire qui ne remplit pas les obligations qui lui incombent en vertu des

14


Statuts ou de tout document précisant ses obligations envers la Société et/ou les
autres Actionnaires.

Dans la mesure où la loi le permet, tout actionnaire peut décider de manière
individuelle de ne pas exercer, temporairement ou déﬁnitivement, son droit de
vote sur tout ou partie de ses actions. Cet actionnaire est alors lié par cette
renonciation qui est opposable àla Société à compter de la date de sa notiﬁcation.

Dans le cas où les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs actionnaires seraient
suspendus conformément au présent article, ou dans le cas où un actionnaire aurait
renoncé temporairement ou déﬁnitivement à son droit de vote conformément au
présent article, ces actionnaires seront convoqués et pourront assister à
l’Assemblée Générale, mais leurs actions ne seront pas prises en compte pour
déterminer si les conditions de quorum et de majorité sont respectées.

Lorsque tous les actionnaires sont présents ou représentés et s’ils déclarent
avoir pris connaissance de l’agenda de l’assemblée, ils pourront renoncer aux
formalités préalables de convocation.

Un actionnaire peut être représenté à l'assemblée générale des actionnaires
en nommant par écrit (ou par fax ou par e-mail ou par tout moyen similaire) un
mandataire qui ne doit pas être un actionnaire et est par conséquent autorisé à
voter par procuration.

Les actionnaires sont autorisés à participer à une assemblée générale des
actionnaires par visioconférence ou par des moyens de télécommunications
permettant leur identiﬁcation et sont considérés comme présent, pour les
conditions de quorum et de majorité. Ces moyens doivent satisfaire à des
caractéristiques techniques garantissant une participation effective à l'assemblée
dont les délibérations sont retransmises de façon continue.

Sauf dans les cas déterminés par la loi ou les Statuts, les décisions prises par
l’assemblée ordinaire des actionnaires sont adoptées àla majorité simple des voix,
quelle que soit la portion du capital représentée.

Lorsque la société a un actionnaire unique, ses décisions sont des résolutions
écrites.

Une assemblée générale extraordinaire des actionnaires, convoquée aux ﬁns
de modiﬁer une disposition des Statuts ne pourra valablement délibérer que si au
moins la moitié du capital est présente ou représentée et que l’ordre du jour
indique les modiﬁcations statutaires proposées. Si la première de ces conditions
n'est pas remplie, une seconde assemblée peut être convoquée, dans les formes
prévues par les Statuts ou par la loi. Cette convocation reproduit l'ordre du jour, en
indiquant la date et le résultat de la précédente assemblée. La seconde assemblée
délibère valablement, quelle que soit la proportion du capital représenté. Dans les
deux assemblées, les résolutions, pour être valables, doivent être adoptées par une
majorité de deux tiers des Actionnaires présents ou représentés.

Les actionnaires peuvent changer la nationalité de la société par décision
prise en assemblée générale des actionnaires prises dans les règles requises pour la
modiﬁcation des statuts.

15


Cependant, l’augmentation ou la réduction des engagements des actionnaires
ne peuvent être décidées qu’avec l’accord unanime des actionnaires et sous
réserve du respect de toute autre disposition légale.

TITRE IV: SURVEILLANCE
ARTICLE 13

La société est surveillée par un ou plusieurs commissaires nommés par
l'assemblée générale, qui ﬁxe leur nombre et leur rémunération, ainsi que la durée
de leur mandat, qui ne peut excéder six années.

TITRE V: ASSEMBLEE GENERALE
ARTICLE 14

L'assemblée générale annuelle se réunit dans la commune du siège social, à
l'endroit indiqué dans les convocations, dans les six mois de la clôture des
comptes de la société.

TITRE VI: ANNEE SOCIALE, REPARTITION DES BENEFICES
ARTICLE 15

L'année sociale commence le ler janvier et ﬁnit le 31 décembre de chaque
année.

ARTICLE 16

L'excédent favorable du bilan, défalcation faite des charges sociales et des
amortissements, forme le bénéﬁce net de la société. Sur ce bénéﬁce, il est prélevé
cinq pour cent (5%) pour la formation du fonds de réserve légale; ce prélèvement
cesse d'être obligatoire lorsque la réserve aura atteint le dixième du capital social,
mais devrait toutefois être repris jusqu'à entière reconstitution, si à un moment
donné et pour quelque cause que ce soit, le fonds de réserve avait été entamé.

Le solde est à la disposition de l'assemblée générale.

TITRE VII: DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION
ARTICLE 17

La société peut être dissoute par décision de l'assemblée générale.

Lors de la dissolution de la société, la liquidation s'effectuera par les soins
d'un ou de plusieurs liquidateurs, personnes physiques ou morales, nommés par
l'assemblée générale qui détermine leurs pouvoirs et leurs émoluments.

TITRE VIII: DISPOSITIONS GENERALES
ARTICLE 18

Pour tous les points non spécifiés dans les présents statuts, les parties se
réfèrent et se soumettent aux dispositions de la loi luxembourgeoise du 10 août
1915 sur les sociétés commerciales et de ses lois modiﬁcatives.

DISPOSITIONS TRAN SITOIRES

l) Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution et se
terminera le 31 décembre 2019.

16


2) La première assemblée générale annuelle se tiendra en 2020.
SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Les statuts de la société ayant été ainsi arrêtés, les trois cents (300) actions
ont été souscrites comme suit :

- Reliance TRUST COMPANY S.A., précité: trois cents (300) actions,
Total : trois cent (300) actions.

Toutes les actions ont été intégralement libérées, de sorte que la somme de
TRENTE MILLE EUROS (30.000,- EUR) se trouve dès à présent à la libre
disposition de la société, ainsi qu'il en a été justiﬁé au notaire.

…

Le notaire instrumentant a constaté que les conditions exigées par l'article
420-1 nouveau de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales ont été
accomplies.

FRAIS

 

Les parties ont évalué le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations et
charges, sous quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la société ou qui sont

mis à sa charge à raison de sa constitution, à environ mille deux cents euros
(1 .200,-EUR).

ASSEMBLEE GENERALE EXTRAORDINAIRE

Le comparant préqualiﬁé, représentant la totalité du capital souscrit et se
considérant comme dûment convoqué, a pris les résolutions suivantes:

1. Le nombre des administrateurs est ﬁxé à un (1) et celui du commissaire
aux comptes à un (1).

2. Est nommé administrateur pour une période de six (6) ans :

- Ms. Petronella Johanna Sophia DUNSELMAN, née à Amsterdam, les Pays-
Bas, le 6 avril 1965, ayant son adresse professionnelle au 1. Val Ste Croix,
L-1371 Luxembourg, le Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

3. Est appelé aux fonctions de commissaire aux comptes pour une période
de six (6) ans:

- Bastions Trust Company S.à.r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée établie
sous le droit Suisse, ayant son siège social au 6, rue de Saint-Léger, CH-

1205 Genève, Suisse et enregistrée auprès du Registre de Commerce de
Genève, Suisse, sous le numéro CHE-289610.661.

5. Le siège social de la société est ﬁxé à 1, Val Sainte Croix, L1371
Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné, qui a personnellement la connaissance de la langue
anglaise, déclare que la comparante l'a requis de documenter le présent acte en
langue anglaise, suivi d'une version française, et en cas de divergence entre le
texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fera foi.

17


DONT ACTE,
fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée à la mandataire du comparant,
connue du notaire instrumentant par son nom, prénom usuel, état et demeure, elle
a signé le présent acte avec le notaire.

(signé) El Farhane, GRETHEN

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils l, le 24 décembre 2018

Relation: lLAC/2018/42303

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

(75,00 €)

Le Receveur (s) Paul MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme délivrée sur demande àla société prénommée.
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

18


