Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230555

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_002.713
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_002 le 02/01/2019

Déposé le 02/01/2019

Beams Investments S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social: 20, avenue Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg

Numéro : 11938

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIÉTÉ DU 19 DECEMBRE 2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the nineteenth day of
December.

Before the undersigned Maître Cosita Delvaux, notary residing in
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

Beams Holdings S.à r.l., a société à responsabilité limitée , having its
registered office at 20, avenue Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg, in process of
being registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg

hereby represented by Caroline Ronfort, employee, residing
professionally in Luxembourg,

by virtue of a proxy under private seal established on 18 December 2018.

The said proxy, signed by the proxyholder of the appearing party and the
undersigned notary, will remain annexed to the present deed to be filed with
the registration authorities.

Such appearing party, represented as stated here above, has requested
the undersigned notary, to state as follows the articles of association of a
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), which is
hereby incorporated:

ARTICLE 1 - CORPORATE FORM

There exists a private limited liability company (“société à responsabilité
limitée”) which is governed by the laws pertaining to such an entity (hereafter
the “Company”), and in particular the law dated 10th August, 1915, on
commercial companies, as amended (hereafter the “1915 Law”), as well as by
the articles of association (hereafter the “Articles”), which specify in the
articles 6.1, 6.2, 6.5 and 8 the exceptional rules applying to one member

company.

ARTICLE 2 - CORPORATE OBJECT


2.1 The object of the Company is the holding of participations, in any form
whatsoever, in Luxembourg and foreign companies, the acquisition by
purchase, subscription, or in any other manner as well as the transfer by sale,
exchange or otherwise of stocks, bonds, debentures, notes and other
securities of any kind, and the ownership, administration, development and
management of its portfolio. The Company may also hold interests in
partnerships and act as general partner of such partnerships.

2.2 The Company may borrow in any form and proceed to the issuance
of bonds (by private placement or to the public), which may be convertible and
to the issuance of debentures.

2.3 The Company may also enter into any guarantee, pledge or any other
form of security for the performance of any contracts or obligations of the
Company or of group companies.

2.4 In a general fashion it may grant assistance to affiliated companies,
take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any operation,
which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its
purposes.

2.5 The Company may further carry out any commercial, industrial or
financial operations, as well as any transactions on real estate or on movable
property.

2.6 The Company shall not enter into any transaction which would cause
it to be engaged in any activity that would be considered as a regulated activity
of the financial sector.

ARTICLE 3 - DURATION

The Company is formed for an unlimited period of time.

ARTICLE 4 - DENOMINATION

The Company has the denomination “Beams Investments S.à r.l.”.

ARTICLE 5 - REGISTERED OFFICE

5.1 The registered office is established in Luxembourg-City.

5.2 The sole director (gérant unique) (the “Sole Director”) or the board
of directors (conseil de gérance) (the “Board of Directors”) as the case may
be, is authorized to transfer the registered office from one municipality to
another or within the same municipality in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg

and to amend the articles of incorporation accordingly.


5.3 The Company may have offices and branches, both in Luxembourg
and abroad.

ARTICLE 6 - SHARE CAPITAL - SHARES

6.1 - Subscribed Share Capital

6.1.1 The Company's share capital is fixed at USD 21 ‚000 (United States
Dollars twenty-one thousand) represented by 2,100‚000 (two million one
hundred thousand) shares (parts sociales) of USD 0.01 (one cent United
States dollar) each, all fully subscribed and entirely paid up.

6.1.2 At the moment and as long as all the shares are held by only one
shareholder, the Company is a one man company (société unipersonnelle) in
the meaning of Article 710-1 (2) of the 1915 Law. In such case Articles 710-28
and 710-29 of the 1915 Law, among others, will apply, entailing that each
decision of the single shareholder and each contract concluded between
him/her/it and the Company represented by him/her/it shall have to be
established in writing.

6.1.3 The Company may accept contributions without issuing shares or
other securities in consideration and may allocate such contributions to one or
more reserves.

6.2 - Modification of Share Capital

The share capital may be changed at any time by a decision of the single
shareholder or by decision of the general meeting of shareholders (the
“General Meeting”), in accordance with Article 8 of these Articles and within
the limits provided for by the 1915 Law.

6.3 - Profit Participation

Each share entities to a fraction of the corporate assets and profits of the
Company in direct proportion to the number of shares in existence.

6.4 - lndivisibility of Shares

Towards the Company, the Company’s shares are indivisible, since only
one owner is admitted per share. Co-owners have to appoint a sole person as
their representative towards the Company. The Company has the right to
suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that share until such

representative has been appointed.

6.5 - Transfer of Shares


6.5.1 In case of a single shareholder, the Company’s shares held by the
single shareholder are freely transferable.

6.5.2 In the case of plurality of shareholders, the shares held by each
shareholder may be transferred in compliance with the requirements of the
1915 Law.

Shares may not be transferred inter vivos to non-shareholders unless the
General Meeting representing at least three-quarters of all the shares in issue
shall have agreed thereto.

If a shareholder intends to transfer all or part of its shares to a third party
transferee, it shall notify the Company of the proposed transfer together with
the name of the proposed transferee, the number of shares to be transferred,
their price and the terms and conditions of the transfer.

In case of a refusal of the transfer by the shareholders in accordance with
the provisions set forth above, the shareholders may, within a timeframe of
three (3) months from such refusal, acquire or have the shares acquired at a
price fixed as indicated below, except if the transferor has renounced to the
proposed transfer. Such acquisition by the non-transferring shareholders shall
be made on a prorata basis unless othenNise agreed between themselves.
The period of three (3) months may be extended by the President of the
chamber of the district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters
and sitting as in summary proceedings upon request by the Sole Director or
the Board of Directors as the case may be. The extension period shall not
exceed six (6) months. The Company may, with the consent of the transferor
and within the same timeframe, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by the
amount of the nominal value of the relevant shares of the transferor, and to (ii)
repurchase these shares at the price fixed as indicated below. If, on expiry of
the above timeframe, none of the solutions provided here above have been
complied with, the transferor can freely proceed with the transfer to the third
party transferee at the conditions which were notified to the Company in
accordance with the provisions set forth above.

Shares may not be transferred upon death to non-shareholders unless
surviving shareholders representing at least three-quarters of all the shares in
issue have agreed thereto. The approval is not required if the shares are

transferred to heirs or to the surviving spouse or partner or any other legal


heirs of the deceased shareholder.

The price for the transfer or the redemption price referred to above shall
be the lower of (i) the nominal value of the shares to be transferred / redeemed
or (ii) the fair market value of the shares to be transferred / redeemed as
determined by the Sole Director or the Board of Directors, as the case may be,
on the date of the notification of the proposed transfer to the Company.

Transfers of shares must be recorded by a notarial or private deed.
Transfers shall not be valid vis-a-vis the Company or third parties until they
shall have been notified to the Company or accepted by it in accordance with
the provisions of Article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

6.6 - Registration of shares

All shares are in registered form, in the name of a specific person, and
recorded in the shareholders’ register in accordance with the 1915 Law.

ARTICLE 7 - MANAGEMENT

7.1 - Appointment and Removal

7.1.1 The Company is managed by one or several directors (gérants) (the
“Director(s)”). lf several Directors have been appointed, they will constitute
the Board of Directors. The Director(s) need not to be shareholder(s).

7.1.2 The Director(s) is/are appointed by the General Meeting.

7.1.3 A Director may be dismissed ad nutum with or without cause and
replaced at any time by resolution adopted by the General Meeting.

7.1.4 The Sole Director and each of the members of the Board of
Directors shall not be compensated for his/her/their services as Director,
unless otherwise resolved by the General Meeting. The Company shall
reimburse any Director for reasonable expenses incurred in the carrying out of
his/her/its office, including reasonable travel and living expenses incurred for
attending meetings of the Board of Directors.

7.2 - Powers

All powers not expressly reserved by the 1915 Law or the present Articles
to the General Meeting fall within the competence of the Sole Director or of the
Board of Directors as the case may be.

7.3 - Representation and Signatory Power

7.3.1 In dealing with third parties as well as in justice, the Sole Director

or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, will have all powers to act in the


name of the Company in all circumstances and to carry out and approve all
acts and operations consistent with the Company’s objects and provided the
terms of this Article 7.3 shall have been complied with.

7.3.2 The Company shall be bound by the sole signature of its Sole
Director, and, in case of plurality of Directors, by the joint signature of any two
members of the Board of Directors or by the signature of any person to whom
such power has been delegated by the Sole Director or the Board of Directors
as the case may be.

7.3.3 The Sole Director or the Board of Directors as the case may be may
sub-delegate his/her/its powers for specific tasks to one or several ad hoc
agents and determine this agent’s responsibilities and remuneration (if any),
the duration of the period of representation and any other relevant conditions
of his/her/its agency.

7.4 - Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Secretary, Procedures

7.4.1 The Board of Directors may choose among its members a chairman
and a vice-chairman. It may also choose a secretary, who need not be a
Director and who shall be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meeting
of the Board of Directors and of the General Meeting.

7.4.2 The resolutions of the Board of Directors shall be recorded in the
minutes, to be signed by the chairman and the secretary (if any), and recorded
in the corporate book of the Company. Copies or extracts of such minutes,
which may be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed
by the chairman, by the secretary (if any) or by any Director.

7.4.3 Decisions of the Sole Director shall be recorded in minutes which
shall be signed by the Sole Director. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which
may be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the
Sole Director.

7.4.4 The Board of Directors can discuss or act validly only if at least a
majority of the Directors is present or represented at the meeting of the Board
of Directors.

7.4.5 In case of plurality of Directors, resolutions shall be taken by a
majority of the votes of the Directors present or represented at such meeting.

7.4.6 Any Director may act at any meeting of the Board of Directors by

appointing in writing another Director as his/her/its proxy. A Director may also


appoint another Director to represent him/her/it by phone to be confirmed at a
later stage.

7.4.7 Resolutions in writing approved and signed by all Directors shall
have the same effect as resolutions passed at the Directors’ meetings. Such
approval may be in a single or in several separate documents. The date of
such resolutions shall be the date of the last signature.

7.4.8 Any and all Directors may participate in any meeting of the Board
of Directors by telephone or video conference call or by other similar means of
communication allowing all the Directors taking part in the meeting to hear one
another. The participation in a meeting by these means is equivalent to a
participation in person at such meeting.

7.5 - Liability of Directors

Any Director assumes, by reason of his/her/its position, no personal
liability in relation to any commitment validly made by him/her/it in the name of
the Company.

ARTICLE 8 - GENERAL MEETING

8.1 The single shareholder assumes all powers conferred to the General
Meeting.

8.2 In case of a plurality of shareholders, each shareholder may take part
in collective decisions irrespectively of the number of shares he/she/it owns.
The holders of notes issued or to be issued by the Company shall not have the
right to attend the general shareholders’ meetings of the Company. Each
shareholder shall dispose of a number of votes equal to the number of shares
held by him/her/it. Collective decisions are only validly taken insofar as
shareholders owning more than half of the share capital adopt them.

8.3 However, resolutions to alter the Articles, except in case of an
increase of the commitment of the shareholders, which requires a unanimous
vote of the shareholders, may only be adopted by the General Meeting
representing at least three quarter of the Company’s share capital, subject to
the provisions of the 1915 Law.

8.4 Except in case of amendments to the Articles, the holding of General
Meetings shall not be mandatory where the number of members does not
exceed sixty (60). In such case, each shareholder shall receive the precise

wording of the text of the resolutions or decisions to be adopted and shall give


his/her/its vote in writing.

ARTICLE 9 - ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

9.1 Where the number of shareholders exceeds sixty (60), an annual
General Meeting shall be held within the six (6) month of the closure of the
fiscal year, in accordance with the 1915 Law at the registered office of the
Company, or at such other place in Luxembourg as may be specified in the
notice of meeting.

9.2 The annual General Meeting may be held abroad if, in the absolute
and final judgment of the Sole Director or the Board of Directors as the case
may be, exceptional circumstances so require.

ARTICLE 10 - AUDIT

Where the number of shareholders exceeds sixty (60), the operations of
the Company shall be supervised by one or more statutory auditors in
accordance with the 1915 Law who need not to be shareholder(s). If there is
more than one statutory auditor, the statutory auditors shall act as a collegium
and form the board of auditors.

ARTICLE 11 - FISCAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

11.1 — Fiscal Year

The Company’s fiscal year starts on 1St January and ends on the 31St
December of each year.

11.2 - Annual Accounts

11.2.1 At the end of each fiscal year, the Sole Director or the Board of
Directors, as the case may be, prepares an inventory, including an indication
of the value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, as well as the balance
sheet and the profit and loss account in which the necessary depreciation
charges must be made.

11.2.2 Each shareholder, either personally or through an appointed
agent, may inspect, at the Company’s registered office, the above inventory,
balance sheet, profit and loss accounts and, as the case may be, the report of
the statutory auditor(s) set-up in accordance with the 1915 Law.

ARTICLE 12 - DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS

12.1 The gross profit of the Company stated in the annual accounts, after
deduction of general expenses, amortization and expenses represent the net

profit.


12.2 An amount equal to five per cent (5%) of the net profits of the
Company shall be allocated to a statutory reserve, until and as long as this
reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the Company’s share capital.

12.3 The balance of the net profits may be distributed to the
shareholder(s) commensurate to his/her/their shareholding in the Company.

ARTICLE 13 — INTERIM DIVIDENDS — SHARE PREMIUM AND
ASSIMILATED PREMIUMS

13.1 The Sole Director or the Board of Directors as the case may be
may decide to pay interim dividends in compliance with the provisions of the
1915 Law.

13.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable
reserve may be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the provisions
of the 1915 Law and these Articles.

ARTICLE 14 - DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION

14.1 The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death,
suspension of civil rights, insolvency or bankruptcy of the single shareholder
or of one of the shareholders.

14.2 Except in the case of dissolution by court order, the liquidation of the
Company may take place only pursuant to a decision adopted by the
shareholders in accordance with the provisions of the 1915 Law.

14.3 The liquidation will be carried out by one or several liquidators,
shareholders or not, appointed by the General Meeting who shall determine
their powers and remuneration.

ARTICLE 15 - REFERENCE TO THE 1915 LAW

Reference is made to the provisions of the 1915 Law for all matters for
which no specific provision is made in these Articles.

TRANSITIONAL DISPOSITION

The first fiscal year shall begin on the date of the formation of the
Company and shall terminate on 31St December 2019.

SUBSCRIPTION

The Articles having thus been established, the party appearing acting as

stated here above, declares to subscribe the entire share capital as follows:


Beams Holdings S.à
2,100,000 100.00%
r.|., prenamed

TOTAL 2,100,000 m 100.00%

All the shares have been paid-up to the extent of one hundred per cent
(100%) by payment in cash, so that the amount of USD 21 ,000.- (United-States

Dollars twenty one thousand) is now available to the Company, evidence

 

thereof having been given to the notary.
DECLARATION

The undersigned notary herewith declares having verified the existence
of the conditions enumerated in articles 710-6 and 710-7 of the law of August
10, 1915 on commercial companies as amended and expressly states that
they have been fulfilled.

ESTIMATE OF COSTS

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which will
have to be borne by the Company as a result of its formation are estimated at
approximately 1,300 EUR.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER

1. The Company will be administered by the following directors
(gérants) appointed for an undetermined period:

a. Mrs. Emanuela Brero, private employee, born on 25 May 1970 in
Bra (Italy), having her professional address at 20, avenue Monterey, L-2163
Luxembourg (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg);

b. Mr. Thomas Morana, private employee, born on 14 June 1982 in
Huy (Belgium), having his professional address at 20, avenue Monterey, L-
2163 Luxembourg (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg);

c. Mrs. Stella Le Cras, private employee, born on 23 July 1965 in St.
Saviour (Jersey), having her professional address at 20, avenue Monterey, L-
2163 Luxembourg (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg);

2. The registered office of the Company shall be established at 20,

avenue Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg.

DECLARATION

10


The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is
worded in English followed by a French version. On request of the same
appearing party and in case of divergences between the English and the
French texts, the English version will be prevailing.

WHEREOF the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
named at the beginning of this document.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
party, is known to the undersigned notary by surname, first name, civil status
and residence, said proxyholder together with the notary the present deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le dix-neuvième jour du mois de décembre.

Par devant Maître Cosita Delvaux, notaire de résidence à Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

A COMPARU :

Beams Holdings S.à r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée, ayant son
siège social à 20, avenue Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg, en cours
d’immatriculation auprès du Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés
Luxembourg

ici représentée par Caroline Ronfort, employée, ayant son adresse
professionnelle à Luxembourg,

en vertu d’une procuration établie sous seing privé le 18 décembre 2018.

Laquelle procuration restera, après avoir été signée par le mandataire de
la partie comparante et le notaire instrumentant, annexée aux présentes pour
être formalisée avec elles.

Laquelle partie comparante, représentée comme décrit ci-avant, a requis
le notaire instrumentant de dresser acte d'une société à responsabilité limitée
dont elle a arrêté les statuts comme suit :

ARTICLE 1 - FORME SOCIALE

Il existe une société à responsabilité limitée qui est régie par les lois y
relatives (ci-après la « Société »), et en particulier la loi du 10 août 1915
relative aux sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (ci-après la « Loi de
1915 »), ainsi que par les statuts de la Société (ci-après les « Statuts »),

lesquels spécifient en leurs articles 6.1 , 6.2, 6.5 et 8, les règles exceptionnelles

11


s’appliquant à la société à responsabilité limitée unipersonnelle.

ARTICLE 2 - OBJET SOCIAL

2.1 L'objet de la Société est la prise de participations, sous quelque forme
que ce soit, dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et étrangères, l'acquisition
par l'achat, la souscription ou de toute autre manière, ainsi que le transfert par
vente, échange ou autre, d'actions, d'obligations, de reconnaissances de
dettes, notes et autres titres de quelque forme que ce soit, et la propriété,
l'administration, le développement et la gestion de son portefeuille. La Société
peut en outre prendre des participations dans des sociétés en commandite et
agir en tant qu’associé commandité de ces sociétés en commandite.

2.2 La Société peut emprunter sous toutes formes et procéder à
l’émission d’obligations (par placement privé ou au public), qui pourront être
convertibles et à l’émission de reconnaissances de dettes.

2.3 La Société peut aussi contracter toute garantie, gage ou toute autre
forme de sûreté pour l’exécution de tous contrats ou obligations de la Société
ou d’une société du groupe.

2.4 D'une façon générale, elle peut accorder une assistance aux sociétés
affiliées, prendre toutes mesures de contrôle et de supervision et accomplir
toute opération qui pourrait être utile à l'accomplissement et au développement
de son objet.

2.5 La Société pourra en outre effectuer toute opération commerciale,
industrielle ou financière, ainsi que toute transaction sur des biens mobiliers
ou immobiliers.

2.6 La Société n’entrera dans aucune opération qui pourrait l’amener à
être engagée dans toute activité qui serait considérée comme une activité
réglementée du secteur financier.

ARTICLE 3 - DUREE

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

ARTICLE 4 - DENOMINATION

La Société a la dénomination «Beams Investments S.à r.l. ».

ARTICLE 5 - SIEGE SOCIAL

5.1 Le siège social est établi à Luxembourg-Ville.

5.2 Le gérant unique (le « Gérant Unique ») ou le conseil de gérance (le

« Conseil de Gérance ») le cas échéant, est autorisé à transférer le siège

12


social d’une commune à une autre ou à l’intérieur d’une même commune au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et à faire modifier les statuts en conséquence.

5.3 La Société peut avoir des bureaux et des succursales tant au
Luxembourg qu’à l’étranger.

ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

6.1 - Capital Souscrit

6.1.1 Le capital social est fixé à USD 21 .000,- (Dollars américains vingt
et un mille) représenté par 2.100.000 (deux millions cent mille) parts
sociales d’une valeur nominale de USD 0,01 (un cent de Dollar américain)
chacune, toutes entièrement souscrites et libérées.

6.1.2 A partir du moment et aussi longtemps que toutes les parts sociales
sont détenues par un seul associé, la Société est une société unipersonnelle
au sens de l’article 710-1 (2) de la Loi de 1915. Dans ce cas, entre autres, les
articles 710-28 et 710-29 de la Loi de 1915 trouvent à s’appliquer, chaque
décision de l’associé unique et chaque contrat conclu entre lui et la Société
représentée par lui sont inscrits sur un procès-verbal ou établis par écrit.

6.1.3 La Société peut accepter des apports sans émettre de parts
sociales ou d’autres titres en contrepartie et peut allouer de tels apports à une
ou plusieurs réserves.

6.2 - Modification du Capital Social

Le capital social peut être modifié à tout moment par une décision de
l’associé unique ou par une décision de l’assemblée générale des associés
(l’« Assemblée Générale ») conformément à l’article 8 des présents Statuts
et dans les limites prévues parla Loi de 1915.

6.3 - Participation aux Profits

Chaque part sociale donne droit à une fraction des actifs et bénéfices de
la Société, en proportion directe avec le nombre de parts sociales existantes.

6.4 - lndivisibilité des Parts Sociales

Envers la Société, les parts sociales de la Société sont indivisibles, de
sorte qu’un seul propriétaire est admis par part sociale. Les copropriétaires
indivis doivent désigner une seule personne qui les représente auprès de la
Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre l’exercice de tous les droits
attachés à ces parts sociales jusqu’à ce qu’un représentant ait été désigné.

6.5 - Transfert de Parts Sociales

13


6.5.1 Dans l’hypothèse où il n’y a qu’un seul associé, les parts sociales
de la Société détenues par celui-ci sont librement transmissibles.

6.5.2 Dans l'hypothèse où il y a plusieurs associés, les parts sociales de
la Société ne sont transmissibles que sous réserve du respect des dispositions
prévues parla Loi de 1915.

Les parts sociales ne peuvent être transmises inter vivos à des tiers non
- associés qu’après approbation de l’Assemblée Générale représentant au
moins trois quarts de toutes les parts sociales émises.

Si un associé à l’intention de céder tout ou partie de ses parts sociales à
un tiers cessionnaire, il doit notifier à la Société le projet de cession ainsi que
le nom du cessionnaire proposé, le nombre de parts sociales devant être
cédées, leur prix et les conditions du transfert.

Dans le cas d’un refus de la cession par les associés conformément aux
dispositions prévues ci-dessus, les associés peuvent dans le délai de trois (3)
mois à compter de ce refus, acquérir ou faire acquérir les parts sociales à un
prix fixé comme indiqué ci-dessous, sauf si le cédant renonce à la cession.
Une telle acquisition par les associés non-cédants sera faite sur une base
proportionnelle sauf s’ils s’accordent autrement. Le délai de trois (3) mois peut
être prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière de
référé sur requête du Gérant Unique ou du Conseil de Gérance le cas échéant.
Cette prolongation du délai ne peut excéder six (6) mois. La Société peut, avec
le consentement du cédant et dans le même délai, décider de (i) réduire son
capital social du montant de la valeur nominale des parts sociales concernées
du cédant, et de (ii) racheter ces parts sociales au prix déterminé ci-dessous.
Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, aucune des solutions mentionnées ci-dessus
n’est intervenue, le cédant peut librement procéder à la cession au tiers
cessionnaire aux conditions notifiées à la Société conformément aux
dispositions décrites ci-dessus.

Les parts sociales ne peuvent être cédées pour cause de mort à des non-
associés sauf si les associés survivants représentant au moins les trois quarts
de toutes les parts sociales émises l’ont accepté. L’approbation n’est pas
requise si les parts sociales sont cédées aux héritiers réservataires ou au

conjoint ou partenaire survivant ou autres héritiers légaux du défunt associé.

14


Le prix de la cession ou le prix de rachat mentionné ci-dessus sera le
montant le plus bas de (i) la valeur nominale des parts sociales qui seront
transférées / rachetées et (ii) la valeur de marché des parts sociales qui seront
transférées / rachetées telle que déterminée par Ie Gérant Unique ou le
Conseil de Gérance le cas échéant, à la date de la notification du projet de
cession à la Société.

Les transferts de parts sociales doivent s’effectuer par un acte notarié ou
un acte sous seing privé. Les transferts ne sont opposables à l’égard de la
Société ou des tiers qu’à partir du moment de leur notification à la Société ou
de leur acceptation par cette dernière sur base des dispositions de l’article
1690 du Code Civil Luxembourgeois.

6.6 - Enregistrement des Parts Sociales

Toutes les parts sociales sont nominatives, au nom d’une personne
déterminée et sont inscrites sur le registre des associés conformément à la Loi
de 1915.

ARTICLE 7 - MANAGEMENT

7.1 - Nomination et Révocation

7.1.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants (le(s)
« Gérant(s) »). Si plusieurs Gérants sont nommés, ils constitueront un collège
dénommé le Conseil de Gérance. Le(s) Gérant(s) n’est/ne sont pas
nécessairement associé(s).

7.1.2 Le(s) Gérant(s) est/sont nommé(s) par l'Assemblée Générale.

7.1.3 Un Gérant pourra être révoqué ad nutum avec ou sans motif et
remplacé à tout moment sur décision adoptée par l’Assemblée Générale.

7.1.4 Le Gérant Unique et chacun des membres du Conseil de Gérance
n’est ou ne seront pas rémunéré(s) pour ses/leurs services en tant que Gérant,
sauf s'il en est décidé autrement par l'Assemblée Générale. La Société pourra
rembourser tout Gérant des dépenses raisonnables survenues lors de
l'exécution de son mandat, y compris les dépenses raisonnables de voyage et
de logement survenus lors de la participation à des réunions du Conseil de

Gérance.

7.2 - Pouvoirs

Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés par la Loi de 1915 ou les

15


présents Statuts à l'Assemblée Générale relèvent de la compétence du Gérant
Unique ou du Conseil de Gérance le cas échéant.

7.3 - Représentation et Signature Autorisée

7.3.1 Dans les rapports avec les tiers et avec la justice, Ie Gérant Unique
ou le Conseil de Gérance le cas échéant, aura tous pouvoirs pour agir au nom
de la Société et pour effectuer et approuver tous actes et opérations
conformément à l’objet social de la Société et sous réserve du respect des
termes du présent article 7.3.

7.3.2 La Société est engagée parla seule signature du Gérant Unique et
en cas de pluralité de Gérants parla signature conjointe de deux membres du
Conseil de Gérance ou parla signature de toute personne à qui un tel pouvoir
aura été délégué par le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance le cas
échéant

7.3.3 Le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance le cas échéant pourra
déléguer ses compétences pour des opérations spécifiques à un ou plusieurs
mandataires ad hoc et déterminera les responsabilités du mandataire et sa
rémunération (si tel est le cas), la durée de la période de représentation et
n'importe quelles autres conditions pertinentes de ce mandat.

7.4 - Président, Vice-Président, Secrétaire, Procédures

7.4.1 Le Conseil de Gérance peut choisir parmi ses membres un
président et un vice-président. Il peut aussi désigner un secrétaire, Gérant ou
non, qui sera chargé de la tenue des procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil
de Gérance et des Assemblées Générales.

7.4.2 Les résolutions du Conseil de Gérance seront constatées par des
procès-verbaux, qui, signés par le président et le secrétaire (le cas échéant),
seront déposées dans les livres de la Société. Les copies ou extraits de ces
procès-verbaux qui pourraient être produits en justice ou autrement seront
signés par le président, le secrétaire (si tel est le cas) ou par n’importe quel
Gérant.

7.4.3 Les décisions du Gérant Unique sont retranscrites dans des
procès-verbaux qui seront signés par le Gérant Unique. Les copies ou extraits
de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans tout autre
contexte seront signés par le Gérant Unique.

7.4.4 Le Conseil de Gérance ne peut délibérer et agir valablement que si

16


au moins la majorité des Gérants est présente ou représentée à la réunion du
Conseil de Gérance.

7.4.5 En cas de pluralité de Gérants, les résolutions ne pourront étre
prises qu'à la majorité des voix exprimées par les Gérants présents ou
représentés à ladite réunion.

7.4.6 Tout Gérant pourra agir à toute réunion du Conseil de Gérance en
désignant par écrit un autre Gérant comme son représentant. Un Gérant
pourra également désigner un autre Gérant pour le représenter par téléphone,
cela sera confirmé par écrit par la suite.

7.4.7 Une décision prise par écrit, approuvée et signée par tous les
Gérants, produira effet au même titre qu’une décision prise lors d’une réunion
du Conseil de Gérance. Cette approbation peut résulter d’un seul ou de
plusieurs documents distincts. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la
dernière signature.

7.4.8 Chaque Gérant et tous les gérants peuvent participer aux réunions
du Conseil de Gérance par “conference cal/” via téléphone ou vidéo ou par
tout autre moyen similaire de communication ayant pour effet que tous les
Gérants participant au conseil puissent se comprendre mutuellement. Dans ce
cas, le ou les Gérants concernés seront censés avoir participé en personne à
cette réunion.

7.5 - Responsabilité des Gérants

Tout Gérant ne contracte, en raison de sa fonction, aucune obligation
personnelle relativement aux engagements régulièrement pris par lui au nom
de la Société.

ARTICLE 8 - ASSEMBLEE GENERALE

8.1 L’associé unique exerce tous pouvoirs conférés à l’Assemblée
Générale.

8.2 En cas de pluralité d’associés, chaque associé peut prendre part aux
décisions collectives, quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.
Les détenteurs des obligations émises ou à émettre par la Société n’auront
pas le droit d’assister aux assemblées générales de la Société. Chaque
associé possède un droit de vote en rapport avec le nombre de parts sociales
détenues par lui. Les décisions collectives ne sont valablement prises que

pour autant qu’elles soient adoptées par des associés détenant plus de la

17


moitié du capital.

8.3 Toutefois, les résolutions modifiant les Statuts, sauf Ie cas
d’augmentation des engagements des associés, qui requiert un vote unanime
des associés, ne peuvent être adoptées que par une Assemblée Générale
représentant au moins les trois quarts du capital social, conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi de 1915.

8.4 Sauf en cas de modification des Statuts, la tenue d'Assemblées
Générales n'est pas obligatoire, quand le nombre des associés n'est pas
supérieur à soixante (60). Dans ce cas, chaque associé recevra le texte des
résolutions ou décisions à prendre expressément formulées et émettra son
vote par écrit.

ARTICLE 9 - ASSEMBLEE GENERALE ANNUELLE

9.1 Si le nombre des associés est supérieur à soixante (60), une
Assemblée Générale annuelle devra être tenue dans les six (6) mois de la
clôture de l’exercice social, conformément à la Loi de 1915, au siège social de
la Société ou à tout autre endroit à Luxembourg tel que précisé dans la
convocation de l'assemblée.

9.2 L'Assemblée Générale annuelle pourra se tenir à l'étranger, si de
l'avis unanime et définitif du Gérant Unique ou du Conseil de Gérance, le cas
échéant, des circonstances exceptionnelles le requièrent.

ARTICLE 10 - VERIFICATION DES COMPTES

Si le nombre des associés est supérieur à soixante (60), les opérations
de la Société sont contrôlées par un ou plusieurs commissaires aux comptes
conformément à la Loi de 1915, laquelle ne requiert pas qu'il(s) soi(en)t
associé(s). S'il y a plus d'un commissaire, les commissaires aux comptes
doivent agir en collège et former le conseil de commissaires aux comptes.

ARTICLE 11 - EXERCICE SOCIAL - COMPTES ANNUELS

11.1 - Exercice Social

L’année sociale commence le 1er janvier et se termine le 31 décembre
de chaque année.

11.2 - Comptes Annuels

11.2.1 A la fin de chaque exercice social, le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil
de Gérance, le cas échéant, dresse un inventaire indiquant toutes les valeurs

des actifs et des passifs de la Société ainsi que le bilan, le compte de pertes

18


et profits, lesquels apporteront les renseignements relatifs aux charges
résultant des amortissements nécessaires.

11.2.2 Chaque associé pourra personnellement ou par le biais d'un agent
nommé à cet effet, examiner, au siège social de la Société, l'inventaire
susmentionné, le bilan, le compte de pertes et profits et le cas échéant le
rapport du ou des commissaire(s) établis conformément à la Loi de 1915.

ARTICLE 12 - DISTRIBUTION DES PROFITS

12.1 Les profits bruts de la Société repris dans les comptes annuels,
après déduction des frais généraux, amortissements et charges, constituent le
bénéfice net.

12.2 Sur le bénéfice net, il est prélevé cinq pour cent (5%) pour la
constitution d'un fonds de réserve statutaire jusqu'à, et aussi longtemps que
celui-ci atteigne dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

12.3 Le solde des bénéfices nets peut être distribué au(x) associé(s) en
proportion de leur participation dans le capital de la Société.

ARTICLE 13 - ACOMPTES SUR DIVIDENDES - PRIME D'ÉMISSION
ET PRIMES ASSIMILÉES

13.1 Le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance, le cas échéant, peut
décider de distribuer des acomptes sur dividendes conformément aux
dispositions de la Loi de 1915.

13.2 Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée ou réserve distribuable
peut être librement distribuée aux associés conformément à la Loi de 1915 et
aux présents Statuts.

ARTICLE 14 - DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION

14.1 La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de la
suspension des droits civils, de l’insolvabilité ou de la faillite de l’associé
unique ou d’un des associés.

14.2 Sauf dans le cas d’une dissolution par décision judiciaire, la
liquidation de la Société ne peut se faire que sur décision adoptée par les
associés conformément aux dispositions de la Loi de 1915.

14.3 La liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs,
associés ou non, nommés par l’Assemblée Générale qui déterminera leurs

pouvoirs et rémunération.
ARTICLE 15 - REFERENCE A LA LOI DE 1915

19


Pour tous les points non expressément prévus aux présents Statuts, il
est fait référence aux dispositions de la Loi de 1915.

DISPOSITION TRANSITOIRE

Le premier exercice social débutera à la date de constitution et se
terminera Ie 31 décembre 2019.

SOUSCRIPTION

Les Statuts ainsi établis, la partie comparante, agissant comme

mentionné ci-avant, déclare souscrire l’intégralité du capital comme suit :

Montant % du
Nombre de

Souscripteur souscrit capital social
parts sociales
en USD

Beams Holdings,
_ _ 2.100.000 100,00 %
préqual|f|ée

TOTAL 2.100.000 m 100,00%

Toutes les parts sociales ont été intégralement Iibérées par des

 

versements en numéraire de sorte que Ie montant de USD 21.000,- (Dollars
américains vingt et un mille) se trouve dès maintenant à la disposition de la
Société, ce dont il a été justifié au notaire instrumentant.
CONSTATATION
Le notaire instrumentaire a constaté que les conditions prévues par les
articles 710-6 et 710-7 de la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales
se trouvent remplies.

FRAIS

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque forme que

 

ce soit, qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge à raison de sa
constitution sont estimés à environ 1.300 EUR.

RESOLUTIONS DE L’ASSOCIE UNIQUE

1. La Société est administrée par les gérants suivants nommés pour
une période indéterminée :

a. Madame Emanuela Brero, employée privée, née le 25 mai 1970 à
Bra (Italie), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 20, avenue Monterey, L-
2163 Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg);

b. Monsieur Thomas Morana, employé privé, né Ie 14juin 1982 à Huy

20


(Belgique), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 20, avenue Monterey, L-
2163 Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg);

c. Madame Stella Le Cras, employée privée, née le 23 juillet 1965 a
St. Saviour (Jersey), ayant son adresse professionnelle au 20, avenue
Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg);

2. Le siège social de la Société est établi au 20, avenue Monterey, L-
2163 Luxembourg.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle |a |angue anglaise, constate
que la partie comparante a requis de documenter le présent acte en langue
anglaise, suivi d'une version française. A la requête de la prédite partie
comparante, en cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte français,
le texte anglais fera foi.

Dont acte

Fait et passé à Luxembourg, à la date figurant en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée au mandataire de la partie
comparante, connu du notaire soussigné par ses nom, prénom usuel, état civil

et demeure, le prédit mandataire a signé le présent acte avec le notaire.
(Signé) C. RONFORT, C. DELVAUX

Enregistré a Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 21 décembre 2018
Relation: 1 LAC/2018/41900

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur (signé) P. MOLLING

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME,

délivrée aux fins de dépöt au Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de
Luxembourg et aux fins de publication au Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et
Associations (RESA).

Luxembourg, le 28 décembre 2018

Me Cosita DELVAUX

21


